a plane is taking off .
an air plane is taking off .
a person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling .
a person throws a cat on the ceiling .
the polar bear is sliding on the snow .
a polar bear is sliding across the snow .
the man is riding a horse .
a man is riding on a horse .
a woman peels a potato .
a woman is peeling a potato .
the woman is playing the flute .
a woman is playing a flute .
a dog rides a skateboard .
a dog is riding a skateboard .
a woman peels shrimp .
a woman is peeling shrimp .
a person cuts an onion .
a person is cutting an onion .
a man is playing the drums .
a man plays the drum .
a woman rides a horse .
a woman is riding a horse .
a man and a woman are kissing .
a man and woman kiss .
a man is tying his shoe .
a man ties his shoe .
a woman is using a sewing machine .
a woman is sewing on a machine .
a man is climbing a rope .
a man climbs up a rope .
a man plays the flute .
a man is playing a flute .
a woman slices tofu .
a woman is cutting tofu .
a person plays a keyboard .
someone is playing a keyboard .
a man puts some cheese on a pizza .
the man sprinkled cheese on the pizza .
the boy is playing the piano .
a boy plays a piano .
a man is buttering a piece of bread .
a man is applying butter to bread .
a man puts seasoning in a bowl of water .
the man added seasoning to water in a bowl .
a group of people sing .
some people are singing .
a man is riding a bicycle .
a man is riding a bike .
the man is drawing .
a man is drawing .
a woman is cutting an onion .
a woman is cutting through an onion .
a toy train is striking a toy car .
a toy train strikes a toy car .
a cat opens a drawer and climbs inside .
a cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside .
a woman is brushing some shrimp .
a woman brushes some shrimp .
a man is playing a keyboard .
a man plays a keyboard .
a man plays the guitar .
a man is playing the guitar .
the dog is barking at the toy .
a dog is barking at a toy .
the man is playing the guitar .
a man is playing guitar .
the man is playing the drums .
a man is playing drums .
a man dives into a pool .
a man is diving into a pool .
two robots kiss .
two robots are kissing .
a man walking down the stairs .
a man walks down a staircase .
a woman is grating onion .
a woman grates onions .
a woman cuts up broccoli .
a woman is cutting broccoli .
the man is peeling an apple .
a man peels an apple .
the lady put the baby int a trashcan .
a woman puts a baby in a trash can .
a man is firing a shot gun .
a man shoots a shotgun .
the person is removing the scales from the fish .
a person is descaling a fish .
the man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man .
a man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer .
an elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .
the old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .
the black bird is sitting on the ground .
a blackbird sitting on the ground .
red double decker bus .
a red , double-decker bus .
a close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out .
close up image of a sheep with it 's tongue hanging out .
a flat screen tv on the floor .
a flat-screen tv sits on the floor .
the black dog is lying in the grass .
a black dog lies on the grass .
a gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera .
a grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .
the back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .
a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .
black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug .
a young boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
a train is at a train station .
a train in a station .
a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
a little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a black poodle plays in the snow .
a black poodle frolics in the snow .
a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .
a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
a deer jumps a fence .
a deer jumping over a fence .
two people are playing golf on a golf course .
two people are on a golf course playing golf .
two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the grass .
a dog shaking off water .
a dog shaking water off .
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
a white dog runs on a beach .
the white dog is running along the beach .
two people walking on the beach at sunset .
two people walking along the shore at sunset .
five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
a yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
a man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
a white dog running on sand .
a white dog runs on the sand .
a dog running through snow .
a dog runs in the snow .
the black and white dog runs through the grass .
a black and white dog is running through grass .
a dog jumps over a chain .
a dog leaping over a chain .
two dogs playing in snow .
two dogs play in the snow .
woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
a woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .
two puppies playing around in the grass
two puppies play in the grass
scuba diver submerged in water .
the scuba diver is underwater .
two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
two children walking down a path in the woods .
two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
i am ok with medical use !
i am ok with medical use ! !
war in the middle east .
a war in the middle east .
there 's no chance of a fair trial .
there is no chance at a fair trial .
i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .
god bless i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .
it depends how you define extreme .
depends on how you define " extreme " .
what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
------ ----------- what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
i think you need to reread what i wrote .
you need to reread what i wrote .
ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
i hope everything is ok !
i hope everything is okay .
if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
i ask again if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .
aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .
after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges drew the speech to an early close .
after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges cut his speech short .
doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .
doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .
the value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to corel .
including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to corel .
but software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .
the product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to sendmail .
the operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .
ruffner , 45 , doesn 't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .
ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .
" the gloves are off , " said unifi official rob o 'neill .
unifi official rob o 'neill said : " the gloves are off .
the island nation reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .
taiwan reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .
south africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids .
with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids , south africa has the world 's highest aids caseload .
druce will face murder charges , conte said .
conte said druce will be charged with murder .
no americans were reported among the casualties , according to capt. michael calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
none of the casualties was americans , said capt. michael calvert , regiment spokesman .
and now it 's anything he wants to say , " alesha badgley , stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director , said this week .
and now it 's anything he wants to say , " confirmed stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director alesha badgley .
the national denomination of the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the u.s. branch of the 77 million-member anglican communion .
the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the american branch of the worldwide anglican communion , which has 77 million adherents .
police spokesman brig. gen. edward aritonang confirmed saturday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .
brigadier general edward aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .
when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , a uc berkeley law professor .
when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , who teaches law at the university of california , berkeley .
the hearing occurred a day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , dallager , for not addressing the scandal .
the hearing came one day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - dallager - for failing to address the scandal .
the episcopal church ' ' is alienating itself from the anglican communion , ' ' said the very rev. peter karanja , provost of the all saints cathedral , in nairobi .
in nairobi , the provost of all saints cathedral , the very reverend peter karanja , said the us episcopal church was alienating itself from the anglican communion .
counties with population declines will be vermillion , posey and madison .
vermillion , posey and madison county populations will decline .
when the bomb exploded at the casa de españa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .
at the casa de espaa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off .
the bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn 't be prosecuted .
a woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .
their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , turned himself in in june ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with saudi forces .
their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , surrendered in june ; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with saudi forces recently .
the federal trade commission ( ftc ) asked congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .
the federal trade commission asked congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam , which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic .
still , the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product , merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said .
but merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " by regulators might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product .
while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-qaida .
while some other parts of africa have been used as al qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group .
wells ’ other series include nbc ’ s er and third watch .
wells ' other series include nbc 's " er " and " third watch . "
bush plans to meet with israeli prime minister ariel sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , mahmoud abbas , in the jordanian port of aqaba on wednesday .
on wednesday next week , mr bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon and new palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in aqaba , jordan .
he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at england 's university of bristol .
he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at bristol university in britain .
texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .
relief is in sight for texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums .
at least 11 more cases in indiana and three in illinois are suspected .
there ’ s also at least three suspected cases in illinois and 11 in indiana .
the pill , which they call the " polypill , " would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .
the ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose , and folic acid .
myanmar was formerly known as burma .
myanmar was formerly called burma .
helmand province is the world 's largest opium-producing region .
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program .
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program .
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful .
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful .
the cfe is very important for european security .
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security .
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region .
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
hong kong universities collaborate with universities , businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education , business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006 .
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes .
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying .
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry .
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n. ' s nuclear watchdog .
vietnam has among the world 's strictest drug laws .
vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty .
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty .
russia ratified the amended treaty .
romney announces paul ryan as running mate
romney names ryan as running mate
gunman kills 6 in shooting at wisconsin sikh temple
gunman kills six in shooting at sikh temple in wisconsin
capello quits as england manager
capello resigns as england manager
romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source
romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate
remains of 167 bodies found in mexican cave
remains of 167 people found in mexico cave
us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met
federer wins 7th wimbledon title
federer captures 7th wimbledon title
9,000 u.s. marines to leave okinawa
9,000 u.s. marines to move out of okinawa : statement
brazil 's ' pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage
miami heat wins nba finals
miami heat clinches nba championship
syria military police chief defects to opposition
syria military police chief defects to rebels
swiss tourist ' gang-raped ' in india
swiss tourist gang raped in india , say police
carney sets high bar to change at boe
carney sets high bar to changes at bank of england
north korea postpones family reunions with south
north korea ' postpones ' family unions with south korea
man who set himself on fire on national mall dies of injuries
man ' who set himself ablaze ' on national mall dies
11 killed in chinese police station attack
eleven killed in china police station attack
brazil tied 2-2 by england as maracana re-opens
brazil held by england 2-2 as maracana re-opens
& gt ; cuba 's castro assumes celac presidency
cuba 's castro to take over celac presidency
zimmerman stopped for speeding in texas , released with warning
zimmerman pulled over in texas for speeding , given warning
2 dead , 2 injured in nevada middle school shooting
nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
gunman among 7 dead after florida apartment shooting
gunman among 7 dead after fla. apartment shootout
boy scouts delay decision on admitting gays
boy scouts of america delays vote on lifting ban on gays
egypt 's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
macau gambling revenue hits record $ 38 bn in 2012
macau gambling revenue hits record us $ 38b in 2012
egypt interior minister survives bomb
egypt 's interior minister survives bomb attack
egypt ' freezes muslim brotherhood assets'
egypt freezes muslim brotherhood funds
andy murray deserves knighthood , david cameron says
david cameron : andy murray deserves a knighthood
dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central syria
'dozens killed ' in syrian air strike on bakery
china stocks end lower thursday
china stocks close lower on thursday
driver in spanish train crash faces questions from judge
train driver in spain crash questioned by judge
philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
philippines and rebels reach ' wealth deal'
three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
israel 's peres urges return to peace talks
israel 's peres calls for return to peace talks
obama set to speak on syria from white house at 1 : 15 p.m. edt
obama to deliver statement on syria at white house at 1 : 15 pm
miss new york wins miss america crown
miss new york is crowned miss america
south african icon nelson mandela hospitalized
south africa 's nelson mandela hospitalized
egypt court orders release of mubarak
egypt court orders mubarak freed
women to face higher car insurance premiums
women drivers to face insurance premium rise
china 's new pm rejects us hacking claims
china premier li rejects ' groundless ' us hacking accusations
east timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
east timor bans martial arts schools amid killings
myanmar ’ s suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
snowden thanks russia for asylum
snowden thanks russia for granting asylum
boston bombing suspect buried in virginia
boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery
swiss tourist gang-raped in india
kenyan forces caused mall collapse
official says kenyan forces caused mall collapse
chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
prince charles ' compares putin to hitler'
prince charles ' compares vladimir putin to adolf hitler'
snowden hits hurdles in search for asylum
snowden 's hits hurdles in search for asylum
nobel author doris lessing dies at 94
nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94
turkish search ends as last missing miners found
ankeet chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
ankeet chavan granted bail to get married
greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
nelson mandela dies aged 95
nelson mandela dies at age 95
kevin rudd sworn in as australian prime minister
rudd sworn in as australia 's new prime minister
saudi to give lebanese army $ 3 billion
saudi arabia to grant lebanese army $ 3 billion
palestinian diplomat dies in prague blast
palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in prague
updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon
report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon
cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years late
cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years later
blackberry loses us $ 965m in q2
blackberry loses $ 965m in 2nd quarter
investigators probe motives of lax airport shooter
investigators probe motives of los angeles airport shooter
outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old indian girl raped at school
outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school
bradley manning-wikileaks case turns to sentencing
manning wikileaks case turns to sentencing phase
gunmen surround libya 's foreign ministry to push demands
gunmen surround libyan foreign ministry to push demands
rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in ill .
anthony weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
weiner falls to fourth in new nyc mayoral poll
us top diplomat kerry 's wife rushed to hospital
us secretary of state john kerry ‚ äôs wife rushed to hospital
egypt votes on new constitution
egyptians voting on new constitution
mandela back in hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition
nelson mandela returns to hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition
microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
yahoo agrees to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash
yahoo to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion
india starts voting in world 's largest election
india voters kick off world ‚ äôs biggest election
two explosions at boston marathon finish line
general electric posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
ge posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
russia finds dead lawyer magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
russia convicts dead lawyer magnitsky in posthumous trial
israel downs drone from lebanon
israel shoots down drone from lebanon
cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanged in prison cell
cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanging in his cell
google unveils prototype self-driving car
google unveils concept self-driving car
washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
rio airport workers strike on eve of fifa world cup
rio de janeiro airport workers strike on eve of world cup
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
pcb appoints waqar younis as head coach
waqar younis back as pakistan coach
snowden sees ' no chance ' for us fair trial
snowden sees " no chance " to get fair trial in u.s .
queen visits britain 's new prince
queen meets britain 's new baby prince
los angeles airport worker charged with making 9 / 11 threats
los angeles airport worker charged over 9 / 11 threats
strong new quake hits shattered pak region
powerful new earthquake hits shattered pakistan region
iran nuclear talks enter third day
iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
protesters gather in brazil despite concessions
protests sweep brazil despite concession
d.c. votes to decriminalize marijuana
dc votes to decriminalize pot
two french journalists killed in mali
france confirms two french journalists killed in mali
japan defends dolphin hunt after us criticism
japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from us
ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
us believes syrian government used chemical weapons
us suspects syria used chemical weapons
astrazeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy bristol-myers squibb out of diabetes alliance
astrazeneca to buy bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion
fire in beijing kills 10
fire in beijing kills ten
venezuela expels three u.s. diplomats
venezuela expels 3 u.s. diplomats
heavy smog hits north china city , flights cancelled
heavy smog hits north china city , flights canceled
egypt launches offensive against sinai militants
egypt launches offensive against sinai insurgents
un invites iran to syrian peace conference
un : iran invited to attend syrian peace conference
world sends emergency relief to battered philippines
typhoon haiyan : world sends relief to battered philippines
spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
senate confirms obama nominee to key appeals court
senate approves obama nominee to key appeals court
u.n. rights chief presses egypt on mursi detention
un rights chief presses egypt on morsi detention
us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief
senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair
syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
rocks , tear gas fly as thai protests heat up
six dead in philippine restaurant blast
6 killed in philippines restaurant blast
china army newspaper hits out at us 's prism programme
china army newspaper slams us 's prism program
two killed in bahrain car explosion
two killed in bahrain car blast
russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in ukraine
russia warns it will ' respond ' if interests in ukraine attacked
couple marry in the uk 's first scientology wedding
couple get married in britain 's first scientology wedding
venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
north korea warns foreigners in south , advising evacuation
north korea warns foreigners in south to evacuate
death toll in syria now tops 100,000
death toll in syria over 100,000 so far
over 100 dead as typhoon slams central philippines
at least 100 dead as typhoon batters philippines
what makes india vote ? jaipur lit fest debates
what makes india vote ? debate at jaipur literature festival
hamas urges hizbullah to pull fighters out of syria
hamas calls on hezbollah to pull forces out of syria
stocks edge lower following retail earnings
stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
spain approves new restrictive abortion law
spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
german ambassador 's athens residence shot at
shots fired at german ambassador 's residence in athens
napolitano elected for second term as italy president
italian president napolitano elected for second term
north korea says to put us citizen on trial
north korea says detained american tourist to face trial
mandela spends third day in hospital
mandela in hospital for 3rd day
murray ends 77-year wait for british win
murray wins wimbledon title ends britains 77year agony
pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
who is jihadi john ?
who was ' jihadi john ? '
u.s. , eu widen sanctions on russia
u.s. , eu boost sanctions on russia
us attorney general holder resigns
attorney general eric holder to resign
hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
a man with a hard hat is dancing .
a man wearing a hard hat is dancing .
a man is feeding a mouse to a snake .
the man is feeding a mouse to the snake .
a man is erasing a chalk board .
the man is erasing the chalk board .
the cougar is chasing the bear .
a cougar is chasing a bear .
the man cut down a tree with an axe .
a man chops down a tree with an axe .
a man climbs a rope .
a band is performing on a stage .
a band is playing onstage .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man plays the violin .
a man is playing violin .
a man plays the piano .
a man is playing a piano .
a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .
a woman is putting flour onto some meat .
the man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle .
a man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword .
a woman is slicing broccoli .
a small dog laying on the bed .
a small dog is laying on a bed .
the man is slicing a potato .
a man is slicing potato .
a woman is putting on sun glasses .
a woman puts on sunglasses .
a man dives into a swimming pool .
the man is smashing garlic .
a man is smashing some garlic .
a man is slicing an onion .
a man slices an onion .
the person is starting a fire .
a person makes fire .
a man plays the guitar and sings .
a man is singing and playing a guitar .
a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .
a red double decker bus driving down a street .
two dogs are running in a grassy field
two dogs running through a grassy field .
a man eating an apple , sitting in public .
a man sits in a public place eating an apple .
a man practicing boxing
a man practices boxing
a black dog walking beside a pool .
a black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
a dog jogs through the grass .
a dog trots through the grass .
there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
a black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch .
a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
a blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .
the blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase .
a boy is at school taking a test .
the boy is taking a test at school .
there are people out on the street .
people are out on the street .
people are near water
people are near water .
he later learned that the incident was caused by the concorde 's sonic boom .
he later found out the alarming incident had been caused by concorde 's powerful sonic boom .
the company claims it 's the largest single apple var xserve sale to date .
the company claimed it is the largest sale of xserves by an apple retailer .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda 's counterpart in canada .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .
who will succeed mr. o 'neill at hyundai is not clear .
there is no clear successor for mr. o 'neill at hyundai .
bioreliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .
shares of bioreliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .
eu ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington .
gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington , said eu ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
the last time the survey was conducted , in 1995 , those numbers matched .
in 1995 , the last survey , those numbers were equal .
" we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , " the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement .
china 's foreign ministry said : " we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue . "
gainer said the two staff aides are " very sorry this all happened , " and the security personnel had performed " well within standards . "
the security personnel performed ``well within standards ' ' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened , ' ' gainer said .
the upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .
they say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance .
but skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .
but skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors .
de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding bloomberg
bill de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding michael bloomberg
google invests $ 200 million in texas wind farm
google invests 200 million usd in texas wind farm project
kenya supreme court upholds election result
kenya sc upholds election result
matt smith quits bbc ‚ äôs doctor who
matt smith quits bbc 's doctor who
israel expands subsidies to settlements
israel widens settlement subsidies
colorado governor visits school shooting victim
us supreme court limits president 's recess appointments power
high court checks president 's recess appointment power
chinese lunar rover lands on moon
china lands robot rover on moon
iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline
iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline : isna
oil falls in asian trade
oil prices down in asian trade
one woman is measuring another woman 's ankle .
a woman measures another woman 's ankle .
a man is cutting an onion .
a man cuts an onion .
a woman is dancing in the rain .
a woman dances in the rain out side .
the man is kissing and hugging the woman .
a man is hugging and kissing a woman .
a man is doing trick with play cards .
a man is performing a card trick .
a woman and man are dancing in the rain .
a man and woman are dancing in rain .
two men are fistfighting in a ring .
two men fistfight in a ring .
a woman is stabbing a potato with a fork .
a woman is puncturing a potato with a fork .
a woman plays the flute .
a woman is playing the flute .
a group of people are sweeping water out of a house .
people are sweeping water out of a house .
a man plays a guitar .
a man is playing a musical keyboard .
a man is playing a keyboard piano .
a man plays a trumpet .
a man is playing the trumpet .
two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .
two green and white trains are sitting on the train track .
a man in a top hat rides a white horse .
a man with a top hat riding a white horse .
train in a station .
a green car parked at a saloon .
a green car parked outside the saloon .
a philips flat-screen tv is shown with its two remote controls .
a phillips flat screen tv with two remote controls .
two boys playing a game of flag football .
two boys are playing flag football .
a dog jumps into the water .
a dog is jumping into the water .
two dogs are running in the field .
two dogs running in a field .
a man running on a track .
a man running track
a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
a deer is jumping over a fence .
some guy sitting on a couch watching television .
a guy is sitting on the couch watching tv
there is a cook preparing food .
a cook is making food .
people gathered in a room .
people gathered together in a room .
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned
people are getting their clothes cleaned .
the people are running a marathon
people are running a marathon
a brown dog is jumping .
a brown dog is jumping
you do not need to worry .
you don 't have to worry .
you can do it , too .
yes , you can do it .
the answer to both questions is : yes .
the answer to both of your questions is yes .
you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated .
you are making this too complicated .
it 's not a good idea .
it is not a good idea .
take a look at these :
take a look at this :
this is not a good idea .
but it is not a good idea .
i was in a similar situation .
i had a similar situation .
i 've had this same problem .
i had this same problem .
you answered your own question .
you have answered your own question .
i don 't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
i don 't see why that should be a problem .
it makes absolutely no difference .
no , it makes no difference .
i think it 's fine to ask this question .
i think it is okay to ask the question .
there 's not a lot you can do about that .
i 'm afraid there 's not really a lot you can do .
you 've answered your own question already .
can you do this ?
can you do it ?
how do you do that ?
how to do that ?
it 's also a matter of taste .
it 's definitely just a matter of preference .
i don 't see why this could be a problem .
i really do not think there is much you can do about that .
you got it right .
yes you got it .
there are two things to consider :
a couple things to consider :
so , can you do this ?
there are a few things you can do :
there are a couple things you can try .
you 've got it right .
you pretty much answered your own question .
you are on the right path .
you 're on the right path .
what are your goals ?
what are you goals ?
a few more point to think about :
a few things to think about :
i 'm afraid we are out of luck in this one .
i think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck .
it 's mostly a matter of taste .
i had the same problem as you .
i have just had the same problem .
i 'm thinking it 's a bad idea .
i think it 's a bad idea .
not a good idea .
i have exactly the same problem .
i think there are two important things to consider :
it 's pretty much up to you .
it is up to you .
there are three options :
there are only three options :
so think it in this way .
think of it this way .
maybe this could work for you .
maybe this can work for you .
i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .
i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .
you may have to experiment and find what you like .
you have to find out what works for you .
i agree with the other comments .
i agree with the previous comments .
it rather depends on which country you 're in .
that depends on which country you are in .
this is a terrible idea .
this is a bad idea .
the device plays internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of realnetworks ' rhapsody music service .
the product also streams internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for realnetworks ' rhapsody digital music subscription service .
the bush administration blames hussein loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .
the bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on saddam loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops .
in that case , the court held that cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .
in that case , the court held that the city of cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlets .
deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it .
deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state long has coveted this piece of property , and is eager to complete the deal .
gu kailai murder trial ends in china
gu kailai 's murder trial ends in china
2 french journalists killed in mali
queen beatrix of the netherlands to abdicate for son
queen beatrix of the netherlands abdicates in favour of son
cia chief visits israel for syria talks
cia chief in israel to discuss situation in syria
guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
guatemala 's former leader found guilty of genocide
stones add second hyde park concert
rolling stones add second hyde park date
car bomb at swedish consulate in libya 's benghazi , no casualties
car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi , none hurt
on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon ŕä
on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon
prominent aids researchers killed in malaysian plane crash
top aids researcher killed in malaysia plane crash
protests continue in tense ukraine capital
protests continue in ukraine 's capital
british teenager killed in fall from magaluf hotel
british teenager killed in magaluf hotel fall
russian opposition leader under house arrest
russian opposition leader placed under house arrest
senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve
israel confirms strike on syria targeted weapons
israel officials : strike on syria targeted weapons
jurors find jodi arias eligible for death penalty
jodi arias eligible for death penalty , jury says
mt gox reveals 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoin haul
mt gox finds 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoins
abbvie sours on $ 55b shire deal after tax changes
abbvie cools on $ 55bn shire deal after us tax changes
fifty-seven senators , including 24 republicans , have signed the letter .
of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 republicans .
a man is driving a car .
a man drives a car .
a number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .
a reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .
the boy fell off his bike .
a boy falls off his bike .
a monkey pushes another monkey .
the monkey pushed the other monkey .
the man cut a paper plate .
a man is cutting a paper plate .
the lady chopped up the green onions .
the lady cut up a green onion .
a woman is chopping onions .
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .
a dog bounces on a trampoline .
a kangroo is eating something .
a kangaroo is eating .
a man cuts up potatos .
a man slices potatoes .
a woman is chopping up garlic .
the woman is dicing garlic .
the man is eating pizza .
a man is eating a slice of pizza .
a woman is cutting meat into pieces .
a woman is cutting up some meat .
a man is dancing on the ceiling .
a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .
the cat played with a watermelon .
a cat is playing with a watermelon .
a girl jumps on a car .
a girl is jumping onto a car .
a man stares out a window .
a man looks out the window .
a man is mowing grass .
a guy is mowing the lawn .
a passenger train waiting in a station .
a passenger train sits in the station .
a woman pets a dog in a fenced area .
a woman pets a dog in a gated yard .
a women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
the man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop .
a man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table .
a red double decker bus on a city street .
a white plane on the runway .
a white airplane is on a runway .
a train is on the railroad tracks .
a train on the train tracks .
a black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
a boy does a trick on a skateboard .
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .
a brown and white dog runs across the grass .
two dogs are running through a grassy area .
five people standing on a sidewalk
five people on a sidewalk .
a little boy jumping from one chair to another .
a young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
a black dog running through water .
a black dog is running through some water .
two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
two women walk there dogs at a dog show .
a brown dog in running on grass .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
two hockey players fighting on the ice .
two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
a dog leaping over a hurdle .
a dog leaps over the hurdle .
a black and white dog is running through the field .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a girl does a back bend on the beach .
a girl doing a back bend at the beach .
a young girl is sitting on santa 's lap .
a little girl is sitting on santa 's lap
a young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
a boy jumping in the air on the beach .
a man and dog on a rocky seashore .
man and dog standing on rocks next to water
three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .
three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .
a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs across the grass .
three dogs running on a racetrack .
three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .
two dogs running down a beach .
two dogs running on the beach
a man climbing a cliff face .
a man climbs a sheer cliff face .
a man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set .
a man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
the woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
a woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
a girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .
a girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .
dalmation running along the beach .
a dalmation runs along a beach .
a swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
two children in a field of red flowers .
two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
i wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome .
i wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question .
that is not an answer .
no , it 's not an answer .
if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
that 's simple logic if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
read more : you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?
you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?
we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
@ lustig andrei , we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
this eclipses the old record of set in .
this breaks the daily record of set in .
council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
obama is extreme and leftwing .
obama is part of the extreme leftwing .
who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
refresh your memory : who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
david @ omsigdavid , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .
@ sozobe , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .
thanks candy for starting the thread .
candy - thanks for starting us off today .
if evidence is not provided to support a position ; then it should be rejected .
if a position is unverifiable ; then it should be rejected .
edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity .
edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post .
one of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .
one of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .
ursel reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .
ursel reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
dolores mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs , colo . , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .
dolores e. mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .
cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
in response to sluggish sales , cisco pared spending .
lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .
while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on campbell .
security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the microsoft founder .
a new worm has been spreading rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from microsoft chairman bill gates , antivirus vendors said monday .
another shooting linked to the spree occurred nov. 11 at hamilton central elementary in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
the latest shooting linked to the spree was a nov. 11 shooting at hamilton township elementary school in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
along with chipmaker intel , the companies include sony corp. , microsoft corp. , hewlett-packard co . , ibm corp. , gateway inc. and nokia corp .
along with chip maker intel , the companies include sony , microsoft , hewlett-packard , international business machines , gateway , nokia and others .
agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of ragin 's address .
when ragin 's address was raided , authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines .
" if you pass this bill , big brother will be watching you , " said rep. john mabry , d-waco .
" if you pass this bill , " rep. john mabry jr . , d-waco , told colleagues , " big brother will be watching you . "
revenues for " the hulk " came in well below those of last month 's marvel comics adaptation , " x2 : x-men united , " which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .
the hulk trailed last month 's marvel comics adaptation , x2 : x-men united , which grossed $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend .
os angeles - ' ' the hulk ' ' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a june opening record of $ 62.6 million .
" the hulk " took in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new june record .
the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday where donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .
the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday , when donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds .
i was going to the court believing i could do this , only if i played my best tennis .
" i was believing that i was confident i could do this , but only in the case i would play my best tennis .
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week .
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week .
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .
the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans 's space industry .
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry .
vietnam has among the world 's harshest drug laws .
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief .
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency 's director general .
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states .
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf states .
saudis to permit women to compete in olympics
saudi women allowed to compete at olympics
aol says to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1.0 bn
aol to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1 billion
6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : usgs
6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : us geological survey
man killed in french terror raid
man dies in french ' anti-terror operation'
hurricane sandy closes in on us east coast
hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast
nato condemns syria 's downing of turkish military jet
nato strongly condemns syria 's downing of turkish jet
u.s. and turkey weigh no-fly zones for syria
turkey , us weigh no-fly zones for syria
rick santorum wins kansas caucuses
rick santorum notches a victory in kansas caucuses
iconic science fiction writer ray bradbury dies at 91
science fiction legend ray bradbury dead at 91
us hands over bagram prison to afghan authorities
u.s. transfers bagram prison to afghan control
mitt romney wins maryland gop primary
romney wins maryland republican primary
un chief finds his voice , remains cautious on china
insight : u.n. chief finds his voice , but remains cautious on china
rangers voted into division three
rangers voted into third division
thai opposition party to boycott general election
thai opposition announces election boycott
iraq backs egypt crackdown on morsi supporters
iraq backs egypt crackdown on mohamed morsi supporters
narendra modi pledges tough stand against pakistan
india ’ s modi promises tough stance against pakistan
egypt votes in new constitution
egyptians vote on new constitution
un presses need for major boost in syrian aid
un chief presses for major boost in syrian aid
obama praises mandela ' inspiration'
obama hails mandela 's inspiration effect
asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of us debt deal
asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of u.s. debt deal
mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked , five accused arrested
mumbai journalist gang-rape case : all five accused arrested
man sets himself on fire on the national mall
man sets himself on fire at washington 's national mall
us capitol hill on lockdown after shots fired
watch live : us capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
israeli forces detain 5 palestinians in west bank
israeli forces arrest five palestinians across west bank
iran , atomic agency in first talks since rowhani election
iaea , iran to hold first nuclear talks since rohani election
in pakistan , army adamant on fighting the other taliban
pak army adamant on fighting the other taleban
us cannot ' conclusively determine ' chemical weapons use in syria
u.s. sees no conclusive evidence of chemical arms use by syria
thai opposition protesters begin bangkok shutdown
thai protesters launch bangkok ' shutdown'
3 suspects taken into custody in boston bombing case
boston police say 3 taken into custody in marathon bombing
nypd twitter outreach backfires badly
nypd 's twitter campaign backfires
nazi gestapo chief ' buried in jewish cemetery'
nazi chief buried in jewish cemetary
the new cold war
a new cold war ?
thousands evacuated in moscow metro fire
thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in moscow metro
world 's oldest person dies in japan at 116
jiroemon kimura : world 's oldest person dies aged 116
seamus heaney , irish poet of soil and strife , dies at 74
seamus heaney , irish poet and nobel winner , dies at 74
bodies of mh17 crash victims flown to netherlands
mh17 dead flown back to netherlands
south africa 's mandela taken to hospital
nelson mandela taken to hospital
syria regime agrees to attend peace conference
russia : syria agrees to participate in conference
cristiano ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to 2014 world cup finals
ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to world cup
u.n. security council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in gaza
u.n. security council calls for unconditional cease-fire in gaza
eu declares hezbollah 's military wing terror group
eu puts hezbollah military wing on terror list
gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan
gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
uk sky news cameraman killed in egypt
sky news cameraman killed in egypt
five charged with terrorism offences
five people charged with terror offences
israel carrying out ground offensive in gaza
israel launches ground offensive in gaza
israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
israel approves new settlement homes ahead of peace talks
assad says syria will comply with un arms resolution
syria 's assad vows to comply with u.n. resolution
a man sitting on the floor plays a guitar .
a man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar .
the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
the lady broke raw eggs into a bowl .
the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .
brown and white cows are eating from a trough .
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
a man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .
a black dog is running in the grass .
the black dog is running through the grass .
a boy riding on a swing .
a young boy riding in a swing .
a man helps a boy ride a bike .
the man helps the boy ride a bike .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .
the black and white dog is running on the grass .
two dogs approach each other in the grass .
two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
a little boy is drinking from a juice packet .
a boy is drinking from a juice packet .
a man at a farmers market .
a man is at a farmers market .
three humans are walking a dog .
three people are walking a dog .
my opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .
my opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this .
but in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said vincent weafer , a security director with symantec security response in california .
but vincent weafer , security director with symantec security response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .
beleaguered telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .
two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .
from the start , however , the united states ' declared goal was not just to topple saddam but to stabilize iraq and install a friendly government .
but the united states ' ultimate goal was not just to topple mr. hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government .
trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .
trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
jordan opens first tent camp for syrian refugees
jordan opens first refugee camp for syrians
eurozone backs greek bailout
eurozone agrees greece bail-out
two blasts hit syria capital
two blasts rock syrian capital
lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges
lance armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
iran says it captures drone ; u.s. denies losing one
iran says it has seized u.s. drone ; u.s. says it 's not true
hong kong set for democracy march
hong kong set for huge democracy rally
pakistan 's musharraf charged over bhutto murder
pakistan 's musharraf charged in bhutto death
a young woman is putting stickers all over her face .
a woman is applying stickers to her face .
a boy is playing a key-board .
a little boy is playing a keyboard .
blue and red plane in mid-air flight .
a blue and red airplane while in flight .
a group of horses grazing in a field .
group of horses grazing in grassy field .
group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table .
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the union jack .
a bird flies across the water .
a bird flies above the water .
the dog is running through a field .
a dog runs through a field .
one white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
the surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a surfer does a flip on a wave .
a blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
a blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
one boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
a boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
a man is laughing with a woman
a man and a woman laughing .
contrary to what peoplesoft management would have you believe , oracle intends to fully support peoplesoft customers and products for many years to come . "
ellison said that contrary to the contentions of peoplesoft management , oracle intends to " fully support peoplesoft customers and products " for many years to come .
special police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday in the siberian city of novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .
police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the siberian city of novosibirsk .
it will take time to oust die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq , defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday .
defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq .
the research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .
the firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase .
gazans fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries
2 gaza rockets hit israel ; no injuries
england captain andrew strauss retires from professional cricket
england captain strauss retires from cricket
afghan parliament votes to oust key ministers
afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
canada approves oil pipeline to the pacific coast
canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to pacific
ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
croatia begins countdown to historic eu entry
croatia countdowns to joining eu
rogers , videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
rogers , videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal
polar bear dna ' may help fight obesity'
polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
'fast & amp ; furious ' star paul walker dies in car crash
paul walker dead : fast and furious star , 40 , killed in car crash
tokyo to host 2020 games
tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympic games
moore had no immediate comment tuesday .
moore did not have an immediate response tuesday .
a dog licks a baby .
a dog is licking a baby .
a man cut a tree with an axe .
the man cut some carpet with a knife .
a man is cutting carpet with a knife .
kangaroo eating .
prosecutors contended that mr. durst had plotted the murder to assume mr. black 's identity .
prosecutors maintained that durst murdered black to try to assume black 's identity .
but the fbi never kept tabs on al-bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a saudi agent , the document says .
but the bureau never kept tabs on al-bayoumi — despite receiving prior information he was a secret saudi agent , the report says .
in exchange , north korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .
" in return we expect north korea to give up nuclear weapons . "
the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in norway and sweden , according to the study .
the study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in norway and sweden since the 1950s .
microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .
defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : they argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
but u.s. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .
but american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .
the government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced tuesday .
the department of homeland security announced tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on u.s. commercial aircraft .
tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .
tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .
the computers were reportedly located in the u.s. , canada and south korea .
the pcs are scattered across the united states , canada and south korea .
st. paul chairman and chief executive jay s. fishman , 51 , will be ceo of the combined company .
jay fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of st paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .
a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
during 2001 and 2002 , morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of beacon hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .
wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .
additionally , the h2210 ’ s cradle has room to charge a second battery .
the cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery .
the standard & poor 's 500 index advanced 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx rose 6.48 points , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 .
knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
espn reported that knight 's two-year deal is worth $ 2.38 million , including a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
also weighing on the market was news that general motors gm.n planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
also hurting was news general motors gm.n was to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended the deadline to oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended it to oct. 17 .
imran to contest from four na seats
imran khan to contest elections from four na seats
a young child is riding a horse .
a child is riding a horse .
chechen officials working for the moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next sunday 's presidential election in war-torn chechnya .
officials in chechnya 's moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .
supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .
supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .
the american women , who are defending champions , will play in philadelphia on sept . 25 and conclude group competition in columbus on sept . 28 .
the u.s. women , who are defending champions , will play on sept . 25 in philadelphia and conclude group competition on sept . 28 in columbus , ohio .
a man is playing the guitar and singing .
a man sings with a guitar .
the lady peeled the potatoe .
moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
professor moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .
wal-mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. were among the merchants posting may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .
wal- mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. posted may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .
" the economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .
but the economy hasn 't shown signs of sustainable growth .
" i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , " said junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase .
junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase , said " i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply . "
general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at yarralumla .
maj-gen jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at yarralumla .
a person is folding a piece of paper .
someone is folding a piece of paper .
a man is preparing a hanging rope .
a man is tying a noose .
the conference board reported its u.s. consumer confidence index slipped to 83.5 in june from 83.6 in may .
the consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in june , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in may , the conference board said .
at midnight on wednesday , 68 percent of voters said " no " to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .
with 97 percent of precincts counted tonight , 68 percent of voters opposed the tax .
a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo .
a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms .
a panda is sliding down a slide .
a panda slides down a slide .
a woman is playing flute .
a woman plays on a flute .
people step off a train .
a group of people get off a train .
a badger is burrowing a hole .
a badger is digging the earth .
a woman splits garlic cloves .
a woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves .
the dog walked along the edge of the pool .
a dog is walking along a pool .
a little boy is playing a guitar .
a boy is playing guitar .
a man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling .
a woman is applying cosmetics to her face .
a woman is putting on makeup .
a dog napping under a small table .
a dog sleeping under a table .
red sports car racing down track .
a red sports car driving quickly on a track .
train going down the tracks .
train gliding on tracks .
a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .
a woman wearing jeans , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .
two dairy cows drinking from a pond .
two cows are drinking from a pond .
two women shopping at a clothing store .
two women in a clothing store .
group of people sitting at table of restaurant .
three cows are grazing in a grassy field .
three cows grazing in a field .
red double decker bus driving through the streets .
red double decker bus driving down a street .
a young girl riding a white and grey horse .
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse .
a small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .
a small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day .
three children stand on or near a fence .
the three children are standing on and by a fence .
the brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
a man crouching and holding a camera .
the crouching man is holding a large camera .
two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
two asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .
smiling man with reflective classes .
a gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
a white and brown dog is running over grass .
a brown and white dog is running across the grass .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
a boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
a man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .
a man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
a man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
the woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
a little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
a white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth .
a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
a black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
a black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .
children play in a pool while adults look on .
the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
a white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
two females jump off of swings .
two girls jump out of swings .
a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
a young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .
two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
two brown dogs running together on sand
two brown dogs are running on the sand .
a black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .
a black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .
two dogs running through tall grass .
a white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .
a fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
a woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .
people are standing on an escalator moving up .
people ride up an escalator .
hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .
a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
go figure you 're asking me to prove a negative ?
you 're asking me to prove a negative ?
.nazi is a slang term for the nswp .
originally posted by odins eye .nazi is a slang term for the nswp .
fundimental difference , please ?
fundamental difference ?
they know that the video doesn 't show a gas chamber .
the bottom line is that the video clip doesn 't show a gas chamber .
there were no weapons .
of course there were no weapons .
they have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline .
get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline .
he said at every level .
but he said every level .
s as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?
do you see hitler killing jews ?
so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .
furthermore i found this : so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .
there is no war in the middle east .
there is no " war " in the middle east .
i don 't want a president who ' cares ' .
don 't want a president that is compassionate .
proverbs john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .
john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .
and videos seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment .
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda .
could this have been an enema ?
@ ossobuco , could this have been an enema ?
myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will return home late friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said friday .
but butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .
but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .
north american futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
north american stock markets got off to a slow start tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
several relatives of australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few balinese attended the trial .
several relatives of australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few balinese attended the trial .
congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see president bill clinton veto them .
congress twice passed similar bills , but then-president clinton vetoed them both times .
" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin and us president george w bush . "
" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin ( news - web sites ) and president bush ( news - web sites ) . "
other changes in the plan refine his original vision , libeskind said .
many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , libeskind said .
who spokeswoman maria cheng agreed , saying : " it looks very much like an isolated event . "
" it looks very much like an isolated event , " world health organization spokeswoman maria cheng said .
in an interview , healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
in an interview , ms. healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .
five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel .
five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on friday .
sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .
sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .
on the upside , coca-cola co . ( nyse : ko - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on thursday , helped by european demand .
coca-cola co . ( ko ) reported higher profit for the quarter , helped by european demand , early on thursday .
u.s. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on internet fraud and abuse .
more than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an internet fraud sweep announced friday by three u.s. government agencies .
the union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .
the union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted .
meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .
meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .
london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters : " we condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . "
" we condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , " london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters by telephone .
ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .
ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
apple computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said monday .
apple computer inc. said monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .
cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .
cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic ' ' about a rebound .
still , he noted miami must decide whether to seek acc membership for the next school year by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .
still , he noted that miami must decide whether to seek a.c.c. membership by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .
he urged congress to " send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law . "
" i urge congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law , " he said .
chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .
chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications .
dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .
he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research .
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia .
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 .
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 .
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded .
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
iran ( islamic republic of ) : iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
two reported dead in shooting at empire state building in ny
2 dead in shooting outside empire state building
former nazi death camp guard demjanjuk dead at 91
john demjanjuk , convicted nazi death camp guard , dies aged 91
clinton warns kenya of cost of election violence
clinton warns kenya on cost of election unrest
arkansas supreme court strikes down execution law
arkansas justices strike down death penalty
salvador dali painting snatched from new york gallery
salvador dali painting snatched in nyc
us , uk in pact to release emergency oil stocks
us , uk set to agree emergency oil stocks release
sheryl crow says has benign brain tumor
sheryl crow has a benign brain tumor
mali 's president hands in resignation
mali 's president formally resigns
taliban pose as ' attractive women , on facebook for spying
taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on facebook to get troops ' secrets
man sets himself on fire at breivik trial
man sets self afire outside breivik trial
edwards acquitted on 1 count , mistrial on others
edwards found not guilty on one count ; mistrial on others
avalanche buries at least 100 pakistani soldiers
avalanche buries over 100 pakistani soldiers
inflation falls to 15-month low : what the analysts say
inflation falls to 15-month low
armstrong steps down from livestrong
armstrong standing down from livestrong
chinese stocks close higher midday friday
chinese stocks higher at midday friday
egypt 's mubarak critical
egypt 's mubarak in critical condition
liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in shanghai
liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in shanghai
boeing 787 dreamliner catches fire ; stock takes a beating
boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 dreamliner
israel planes strike inside syria
israel launches airstrike into syria
ex-first lady barbara bush leaves texas hospital
former first lady barbara bush leaves hospital
thai protesters break into army headquarters
thai protesters storm army headquarters
housing starts up 6.8 % in may
may housing starts up 6.8 %
in shock move , obama puts syria strike on hold
obama puts syria strike on hold
jesse jackson jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
jesse jackson jr . , wife to plead guilty to fraud
north korea conducts third nuclear test
north korea confirms third nuclear test
amazon 's bezos to buy the washington post for $ 250 million
amazon 's bezos buys washington post for $ 250-m
exclusive-update 2-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
exclusive-update 1-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
tony abbott sworn in as new australian pm
tony abbott sworn in as australia pm
us stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
13 children die in fire myanmar mosque fire
myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
maldives holds fresh election for president
maldives holds fresh presidential election
egypt crackdown draws condemnation
egypt : egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
car bomb kills 20 in northwest syria
car bomb in northern syria kills 20
obama travels to tornado-ravaged oklahoma
obama visits tornado hit oklahoma
israeli minister slams kerry 's boycott warning
israeli minister slams kerry ’ s boycott warning
three die after car crash at tian 'anmen
three killed in crash at tiananmen square
renowned spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies
spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies at 66
lebanon 's pm forms ' unity cabinet ' lebanon 's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office , taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
beirut : lebanon 's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday , including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
world 's oldest man dies at 116
world 's oldest ever man dies aged 116
swiss vote on highest minimum wage
swiss cast ballots on world 's highest minimum wage
n. korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle
north korea 's kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
iron lady margaret thatcher dies at 87
former british pm margaret thatcher dies at 87
u.n. condemns ethnic killings in south sudan oil town
un condemns ethnic killings in south sudan
syrian army retakes crusader castle from rebels
syrian army retakes historic crusader castle
teenage girl killed in east london shereka marsh was shot in the neck , police say
hackney shooting : teenager shereka marsh ' bled to death after being shot in neck'
deaf customers sue starbucks , say they 're mocked
deaf ny starbucks patrons sue , say they 're mocked
us believes syria has probably used chemical weapons
janet yellen to become first woman to lead the federal reserve
iran , world powers agree nuclear deal
judge oks force-feeding california inmates
u.s. judge approves force-feeding californian inmates on hunger strik
bangladesh islamists rally against atheist bloggers
bangladeshi islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
thousands rally to support embattled tunisia government
thousands gather to support islamist government in tunisia
obama to meet privately with family of nelson mandela
obama to meet with mandela family
deadly clashes as egypt marks anniversary
violent clashes mark anniversary of egypt uprising
syrian opposition offers assad truce in homs for duration of ramadan
syrian opposition offers assad 's forces truce for duration of ramadan
westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in nairobi
westgate attackers spent four months planning in nairobi , says official
australia returns asylum seekers to sri lanka in sea transfer
australia : australia hands asylum-seekers back to sri lanka
australian pm kevin rudd calls election for 7 september
australian pm rudd calls sept . 7 poll
bone fragment ' could be king alfred'
remains in winchester could be king alfred the great
israel frees palestinian prisoners
israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners
israel and hamas to observe brief gaza truce
israel and hamas ' accept temporary truce'
detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : u.s. judge
detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
south korean president sorry for ferry response
s. korean president ' sorry ' for ferry disaster
elephants are walking down a trail .
a herd of elephants are walking along a trail .
sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees .
sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees .
large white cruise ship floating on water .
large cruise ship floating on the water .
two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
two grey dogs running in green grass .
a man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
two young girls hug each other in the grass .
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .
a young boy jumping into a lake .
the boy is jumping into a lake .
a white dog is running through the water at a beach
a white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
two beige dogs play in the grass .
two tan dogs play in the grass
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
a girl poses with her head upside down .
a man is enjoying watching three asian children dance .
a man is watching three asian kids dance .
one football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team .
a football player attempts a tackle .
a lady and her daughter look through a microscope .
a girl and a lady both looking through a microscope .
a woman is in the bathroom .
the woman is in a bathroom .
the man without a shirt is jumping .
the man jumping is not wearing a shirt .
also in mosul , rebel gunmen on friday assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
near a mosque in the northern town of mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
paul themba nyathi , an mdc spokesman , said the avenues clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .
mdc spokesperson paul themba nyathi said the avenues clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .
fbi agents arrested a former partner of big four accounting firm ernst & young erny.ul on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , u.s. officials said on thursday .
a former partner of accountancy firm ernst & young was yesterday arrested by fbi agents in the us on charges of obstructing federal investigations .
coty launches $ 10 billion bid for rival avon
coty bids $ 10 billion for avon
mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president
mohamed morsi sworn in as egypt 's president
south korean economic growth falls to 3-year low
s. korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
london marathon observes silence for boston bomb victims
london marathon observes silence for boston victims
new world trade centre tallest building in us
one world trade center named tallest us building
biden calls for trust in us-china relations
biden calls for trust in building ‘ new relationship ’ with china
michelle obama to star in parks and recreation
michelle obama to appear on ' parks and recreation'
major fire breaks out in jk secretariat in srinagar
fire breaks out near secretariat in srinagar
australia cuts rates to record low
australia cuts interest rates to record low
japan : world 's oldest man ever dies aged 116
the man is eating .
a man is eating food .
a person is slicing onions .
someone is slicing an onion .
two dogs and one cat sitting on couch .
two dogs and a cat resting on a couch .
three goats are being rounded up by a dog .
three goats are chased by a dog .
a blue bird standing on a lawn .
blue bird standing on green grass .
the train sits at the train station .
a train parked at a train station .
the two dogs are playing in the yard .
two dogs are playing on the grass .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
a black dog running into the water .
a man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
two brown dogs runs through the water .
two brown dogs running through water .
a man climbing a rock-face .
a man is climbing a rock wall .
two black dogs are playing on the grass .
two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .
a man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
a surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean .
a young person deep in thought .
a young man deep in thought .
one witness told anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .
one witness told the anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .
there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .
there were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .
" the discovery that the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , " it said in a statement .
the researchers say that the fact the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation .
on health care , the ndp says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .
the new democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums .
denver shooting : police to detonate devices in suspect 's home
police to detonate devices in colorado shooting suspect 's home
nelson mandela in hospital for tests
south africa : mandela in hospital for tests
new zealand set to legalise gay marriage
new zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies
georgian pm 's ally to become president - exit poll
ally of georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit polls
two french journalists killed after mali kidnapping
two french journalists abducted , killed in northern mali
floods in central europe continue to create havoc
europe floods continue to create havoc
do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .
a man is slicing a cucumber .
a man is cutting cucumbers .
two little girls talk on the telephone .
two girls talk on the phone .
a band is playing and singing on a stage .
the people threw the dummy over the cliff edge .
some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff .
a rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit .
a live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny .
a black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence .
a black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .
they are not as sovereign as they were before .
the dvd-cca then appealed to the state supreme court .
the dvd cca appealed that decision to the u.s. supreme court .
shelley 's office reported friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .
shelley 's office released signature counts late friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .
mr howard said he also had faith in the system under which hicks could be tried .
mr howard also said yesterday that hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the us justice system .
the trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .
the trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses friday .
det chief insp norman mckinlay said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .
detective chief inspector norman mckinlay , leading the investigation , said : " there is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .
he was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .
devries , who was voluntarily castrated in august 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .
long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines sunday as israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .
long lines formed sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as israelis braced for the strike 's effects .
the settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .
plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .
iac 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
interactivecorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the nasdaq stock market .
druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .
druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison .
the procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .
the technique is used during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .
the rapper 's lawyer , mark gann , didn 't return calls for comment .
the 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , mark gann , did not return calls for comment .
the new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .
academic achievement -- including grades , test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority .
the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by monday , according to security analysts .
security analysts said the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by mid-afternoon on monday .
hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , john speranza , said his client " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone .
hovan " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney john speranza said .
mali islamists destroying ' more timbuktu shrines'
mali islamists destroy more holy timbuktu sites
a man is fitting silencer on a pistol .
a man is adding a silencer to a gun .
someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .
someone is chopping some cabbage leaves .
a girl is riding a horse .
the girl trotted the horse .
the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .
a woman is cleaning a shrimp .
children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .
several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .
calvin hollins jr . ' s attorney , thomas royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated e2 .
the lawyer for hollins jr . , thomas royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated e2 .
in his new position , dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
the report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
there will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003 , up from 2.5 million in 2002 , gartner said .
former south african archbishop desmond tutu said sunday he did not see what " all the fuss " was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
south africa 's nobel laureate archbishop desmond tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop , but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
someone typed on a keyboard .
someone is typing .
a woman is climbing a cliff .
a woman is climbing a rock face .
schofield got toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .
but under cross-examination by o 'donnell 's attorney , lorna schofield , toepfer conceded she had ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .
shares of corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the nasdaq stock market .
corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .
coroner : whitney houston died in bathtub
coroner confirms whitney houston found in bathtub
'arrest warrant ' for maldives ex-president
maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
the bird is taking a bath under the faucet .
a bird is bathing in a sink .
a boy is playing key board .
a squirrel runs around in circles .
a squirrel is moving in circles .
a man rides off on a motorcycle .
a man is riding on a motorcycle .
a person is playing the piano .
two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car .
the men are putting suitcases into the car 's trunk .
the cat is drinking milk .
a cat is licking from a saucer of milk .
a kitten is playing with a blue rope toy .
a kitten is playing with a toy .
a turtle is walking .
a tortoise is walking .
someone is boiling okra in a pot .
someone is cooking okra in a pan .
a small kitten is playing a ball .
a kitten is playing with a ball .
a girl makes up her bed .
a young girl makes her bed .
a woman is squeezing a lemon .
a woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon .
a man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife .
a man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
the woman is dicing onions .
a woman is bathing into bath-tub .
a woman is taking a bath .
a man plays the keyboard with his nose .
the man is playing the piano with his nose .
the boy played his trumpet .
a boy is playing the trumpet .
a man is cutting a rope with a sword .
the man slced through a thick rope with a sword .
a woman rapidly fires a handgun .
a woman is shooting off a gun .
two green and white trains on tracks .
close up of a bottle of water .
a close up view of a bottle of water .
camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .
a camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass .
a cruise liner docked at the shoreline .
a cruise ship docked at shore .
a woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .
a woman stands in front of a building in the snow .
red double decker bus on side of street .
man standing in front of silver train .
man standing in front of a silver rail car .
someone standing on a snowy mountain , watching a plane .
a man stands on a mountain , watching a plane .
red double decker bus taking on passengers .
a red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city .
two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .
two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign .
a sheep standing in a mountainous area .
a large sheep standing on a hill .
a tan puppy being petted .
a tan puppy being held and petted .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
a double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel .
boy laying on couch with dog .
the boy is lying on a couch with a puppy .
young woman in riding gear on top of horse .
young girl in riding gear on a horse .
two young women shear a sheep .
two women sheering a sheep .
a blue bird perched on a gloved hand .
a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .
a pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
two dogs play with purple football .
the two dogs are running on the grass .
three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
a group of youngsters swim in lake water
many children are playing and swimming in the water .
a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .
a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
a girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing .
a woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
a dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
the beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .
a beagle walks along the calm shore .
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
a shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
a shirtless man catches a football
a boy waves around a sparkler .
a young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
a woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
a man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .
a surfer on a wave .
a surfer is riding a wave .
two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
two dogs running on grass .
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?
* * smooches ran * * hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?
warm , maybe record .
warmer , almost certainly a record .
i know i 'd hate to be him .
i 'd hate to be him too .
personal responsibility much ?
again , personal responsibility .
how is this slanted against bush ? ?
where is the slant against bush ?
more factchecking : i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
@ lustig andrei , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?
@ edgarblythe , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?
despicable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
breathe in , breathe out , move on .
buwhahahaha breathe in , breathe out , move on .
what conviction where you talking about before ?
what conviction would that be ?
not a constitutional issue .
again , this is not a constitutional issue .
the face of the franchise : the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !
the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !
the problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .
he said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
page said it 's also possible that genes on the y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
he added that genes on the y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
microsoft acquired virtual pc when it bought the assets of connectix earlier this year .
microsoft acquired virtual pc from its developer , connectix , earlier this year .
daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .
daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .
officials at brandeis said this was an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .
" this is an extremely heartrending time for the entire brandeis university community .
previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .
previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .
united already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .
united has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .
he projected vanderpool will be available within the next five years .
products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .
evacuation went smoothly , although passengers weren 't told what was going on , hunt said .
passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .
treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .
the treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .
as part of his deal , mr. delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .
dave delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .
the man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a cuban plane that landed in key west in april was sentenced friday to 20 years in prison .
a cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from cuba to florida in april .
plofsky said the commission won 't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .
the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired , plofsky said .
the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged colorado , 3-2 , wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .
the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat colorado 3-2 on wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .
mayor joe t. parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .
the missing workers , two men and a woman , were inside the building when the first blast occurred , mayor joe t. parker said .
oracle corp 's chairman and ceo larry ellison didn 't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival peoplesoft inc .
oracle chairman larry ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival peoplesoft .
she had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .
she insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .
the case comes out of illinois and involves a for-profit company called telemarketing associates inc .
the case decided monday centered around an illinois fund-raiser , telemarketing associates .
with the expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
with the expose ( ex-poh-say ) feature , all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover .
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover .
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia 's application of european arms control treaty .
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria .
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project .
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan .
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan .
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league ( adl ) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt .
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures .
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions .
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china .
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china .
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version .
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
sc dismisses govt 's review plea in vodafone tax case
sc dismisses govt 's review petition on vodafone tax verdict
australia to establish the world 's largest marine reserve
australia creates world 's largest marine reserves
'iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes'
senior cleric : iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes
un security council orders global sanctions against haqqani network in afghanistan
un orders global sanctions against haqqani network
un monitors yet to reach site of syrian ' massacre ' – video
un monitors unable to reach site of syria killings
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election
putin wins disputed russian presidential election
massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast
barclays hit by fresh u.s. investigations
barclays hit by fresh us probe
eu heaps new sanctions on syria
eu imposes new sanctions on syrian regime
u.n. observer patrol arrives at syria massacre site
un observers reach syria massacre village
south sudan accuses sudan of bombings ahead of talks
s. sudan accuses sudan of bombing in blow to talks
chavez leaves again for cuba for radiotherapy
chavez set for more radiotherapy in cuba
how wind farm developers ' use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
wind farm developers using ' tricks ' to make turbines look smaller
israel bars german writer grass from visiting over poem
israel bars german author grass over poem
mursi sworn in as egyptian president
romney chooses ryan as gop running mate
life-threatening midwest storms feared
'life-threatening ' storms feared for midwest
storm delays start of republican convention
storm lashes florida , delaying republican convention
russian air force celebrates 100th anniversary
russian air force 's 100th anniversary
lakers fire coach mike brown after 1-4 start
lakers fire mike brown after 1-4 start
soldier ' can 't recall ' massacre
us soldier ‘ doesn ’ t recall massacre ’
actor gazzara dead at 81
actor ben gazzara dies at 81
syrian forces move to retake aleppo
syrian regime bids to retake city of aleppo
stock index futures point to lower start
stock index futures signal early losses
syria rebels leave besieged homs
syrian rebels retreat from besieged homs district
red cross says negotiating halt to fighting in syria to take aid
red cross negotiating syria ceasefire to bring aid
german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal
german parliament endorses greek bailout
us gov 't officially designates haqqani network as terrorists
us designates haqqani network as terrorists
david beckham announces retirement from soccer
david beckham retires from football
eu ministers ' determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal
eu ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
hundreds of bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
hundreds fall sick in bangladesh factory
israel conducts airstrike on syria
israel launches new airstrike against syria
asteroid zips between earth and satellites
asteroid passes earth in fly-by
hrithik roshan , wife sussanne part ways
hrithik roshan , sussanne to divorce
usa expels venezuela diplomats in row
u.s. expels venezuelan diplomats
iran hopes nuclear talks will yield ' roadmap'
iran nuclear talks in geneva spur high hopes
preston and england legend tom finney dies at 91
former england great tom finney dies at 91
eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
eu jobless hits fresh record
un says us drones violate pakistan 's sovereignty
un : us drone strikes violate pakistan 's sovereignty
u.s. bans carry-on liquids , gels on flights to russia
us bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to russia
more than 1,000 inmates escape from libya 's al-kweifiya prison
1000 prisoners escape from libyan jail
trailblazing israeli electric car company better place to fold
trailblazing israeli electric car company to fold
pro-pak taliban warlord killed in us drone strike
taliban commander killed in us drone strike
austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
chinese court upholds death penalties for mekong murderers
court upholds death sentences for mekong murderers
top judge mansour sworn in as egypt interim president
justice adly mansour sworn in as egypt interim president
bomb explodes at greek shopping mall , two people injured
bomb explodes at athens shopping mall , 2 wounded
white house , defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
olivia colman wins second bafta award
baftas 2013 : olivia colman picks up two awards
red sox beat tigers to reach world series
red sox beat tigers 5-2 to advance to world series
david beckham to retire at end of season
protesters topple lenin statue in kiev
ukraine protesters topple lenin statue in kiev
son of us evangelist kills himself the son of popular us evangelist rick warren has killed himself .
son of popular us evangelist warren kills himself
bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
wikileaks soldier bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
south korea ferry crew members stand trial
sewol ferry crew faces trial
fire destroys ancient tibetan town in china
fire destroys tibetan town in china
supreme court takes on affirmative action in michigan ban case
supreme court to hear michigan affirmative action case
kl shares remain higher mid-afternoon
kl shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
ride operator charged in n.c. fair accident
n.c. state fair ride operator arrested after accident
glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada
'glee ' star cory monteith found dead
clashes continue between police and protesters in turkey
turkish police fight protesters , clear square
pictures show completed costa concordia operation
timelapse of costa concordia operation
stocks rise in early trading
stocks inch higher in early trading
iranian nuclear talks to be extended to november
iran nuclear talks extended to november 24
a person is combing a cat hair .
a person is brushing a cat .
the puppy tried to get out of the tub .
a puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .
an elderly asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table .
an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
a kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table .
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .
two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other .
two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .
a seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
the dogs are chasing a cat .
the dogs are chasing a black cat .
the biker is doing dangerous stunts .
a biker is doing stunts .
a doctor prescribes medicine to a patient .
a doctor prescribes a medicine .
the two men are wearing jeans .
the two men are wearing pants .
a man walks his dog on the beach .
a man with his dog on the beach .
it indeed appears the andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) and the milky way ( mw ) are en route to a collision .
in a few billion years , the milky way and andromeda will collide .
pardon the brevity of this answer , but i would say " named " is preferred within the context of your example .
named is preferred in your example , since you are formally giving a name to your method .
it is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken .
bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken .
" i feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , " said mckechnie .
the people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , " mckechnie said .
another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker , the sandra tapias .
a spanish tanker , sandra tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , in the afternoon .
earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from oracle .
thursday morning , peoplesoft 's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .
they are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .
both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .
the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 september 2003 .
the offer is also subject to goldman signing an agreement with drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by sept . 30 , it said .
revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .
revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .
" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but i 'm not going to be negative about it " .
" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it 's not our proposal , but i 'm not responding to it in a negative way , " he said .
part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .
a key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .
the companies , chiron and aventis pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet u.s. demand .
chiron and aventis pasteur together made about 80 million doses , ordinarily enough for u.s. demand , the associated press reported .
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night , but authorities said it was from an animal .
at 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .
at 12 months , there was still a difference between the groups , but it was not considered significant .
its former chief mickey robinson was fired for cause when he left in september , the company said .
chief executive mickey robinson was fired for cause in september , the company said last month .
a merrill lynch spokesman said " we are pleased with the judge 's decision . "
" we are very pleased with the judge 's decision , " merrill said yesterday .
netanyahu set to call early vote
israel 's netanyahu set to call early vote
eu set for new sanctions on iran
eu plans major new sanctions against iran
clinton : us , europe must do more against tyrants
clinton : us , europe must work to defeat tyrants
19 hurt in new orleans shooting
police : 19 hurt in nola mother 's day shooting
china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation released at 16th china-eu summit
full text : china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation
a man is slicing open a fish .
a man is cutting up a fish .
a baby panda goes down a slide .
a man is cutting a potato .
a man is slicing some potato .
a boy studies a calendar .
a boy is looking at a calendar .
a cheetah is running behind its prey .
a cheetah chases prey on across a field .
a moped in front of steps of ruins .
a moped in front of ruins .
a close up head of an ostrich .
a close up of an ostrich face .
a red and white bus drives down an england street .
a red and white england bus drives down the street .
motorcycle parked next to a car outside .
a motorcycle parked next to a car .
two men talking in front of a plane .
two men talking in front of a small plane .
boy and white dog running in grassy field
a boy and a dog running on grass
boy lies on stomach in grass .
small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
a yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
a yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone .
a girl is talking on her phone .
one person wields an umbrella .
one person is holding an umbrella .
a line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street .
a line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street .
second comes hp ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .
hp fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
sources within the racing industry have told the daily bulletin that fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .
sources in the racing industry said fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .
now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .
with the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia accident , the rookies will have to wait even longer .
not ' hiding the ball ' on russia : obama
obama says he 's not ' hiding the ball ' on russia
apple buying security firm authentec for $ 356 million
news summary : apple buying authentec for $ 356m
some syria violence amounts to civil war-red cross
some syria violence qualifies as civil war -red cross
not a good beginning : hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin
french president francois hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin
pussy riot member alyokhina released from jail in russia
pussy riot member maria alyokhina freed from jail
25 bodies found at raided algerian gas plant
25 more bodies found at algerian gas plant
woman remanded over child 's death a woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats .
mother held over daughter 's death a mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats .
neymar powers brazil into last 16
neymar powers brazil into world cup last 16
6.8 quake in shattered pakistan region
france warns of extremists benefiting from egypt violence
france fears extremists will benefit from egypt violence
the results were released at tuesday 's meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and will be published in thursday 's new england journal of medicine .
the study results were released at a meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of the new england journal of medicine .
the man is slicing the tape from the box .
a man is cutting open a box .
the lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook .
a woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water .
" pnc regrets its involvement " in the deals , chairman and chief executive officer james rohr said in a statement .
james rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , said pnc regretted the incident .
the shooting victim was taken to kings county hospital center , where he later died , the police said .
the victim , who was not identified , was taken to kings county hospital where he was pronounced dead .
customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .
retail pricing for sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $ 1,219 .
the euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late may .
the euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late may .
the man is shaking hands with other men .
a man is shaking another mans hand .
his daughter , nina axelrod , told the associated press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .
axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , nina axelrod .
colin powell , the secretary of state , said contacts with iran would not stop .
secretary of state colin powell said yesterday that contacts with iran would continue .
icc champions trophy : india vs south africa
champions trophy : india v south africalive
the new servers will run either linux or the x86 version of solaris , he said .
the servers can run solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system .
a man is playing the cello .
a man seated is playing the cello .
some men are fighting .
two men are fighting .
a dog is eating water melon .
a dog is eating a piece of watermelon .
a woman is chopping broccoli .
a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .
a man drove his car .
two zebras are playing .
zebras are socializing .
butter is being put into a bowl .
a man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .
a woman is frying a food .
a woman is deep frying food .
a big turtle is walking .
the tortoise is walking .
a person is adding oil in the pan .
the cook pouring oil into the pan .
a boy plays violin on stage .
a boy is onstage playing the violin .
a cat and a ferret are playing .
a ferret and kitten play together .
a red and gray train is going through a tunnel .
a red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees .
a small bird eating from the feeder .
bird eating from a bird feeder .
out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , wouldn 't .
out of touch and untrustworthy ?
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .
an hour later israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .
tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said investigators are considering the scenario .
they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .
and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .
cia director george tenet said the two men were " defined by dedication and courage . "
" [ they ] were defined by dedication and courage , " said the cia 's director george tenet .
dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on july 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot dennehy after dennehy tried to shoot him .
dotson was arrested july 21 after telling fbi agents he shot dennehy when dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
now , blanca 's american husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in february by the philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .
now , blanca 's husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk of tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the philippine government in february .
" certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , " he added .
" we don 't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , " he said .
under the program , u.s. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .
under the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the united states .
the epidemic began in november in the mainland 's guangdong province , but the people 's republic of china refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
the prc epidemic began in guandong province in november , but the communist party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .
ms. cripps-prawak left last friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .
the director of the office of medical access , cindy cripps-prawak , left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors ' offices .
the government recently shelved peace talks with the milf , being brokered by malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on mindanao .
the government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring malaysia after a spate of attacks on mindanao , including three deadly bombings , that it blamed on the milf .
in connection with the incident , i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately . "
" i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately , " he said .
a spokesman said : " since november , we have co-operated fully with the police .
it added it had " co-operated fully " with police since november .
women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .
australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy .
men who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark wa study has found .
drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer , a study by australian researchers has discovered .
thanks to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .
the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on thursday .
air canada , the largest airline in canada and no. 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .
the no. 11 airline in the world , air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .
the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray .
gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray .
garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad , mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .
garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april .
ona explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in bali .
" but at no stage did ona receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in bali . "
those reports were denied by the interior minister , prince nayef .
however , the saudi interior minister , prince nayef , denied the reports .
shares of mcdonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .
mcdonald 's shares rose $ 1.83 to close friday at $ 23.89 on the new york stock exchange .
but at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
but at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
egypt lets mubarak pm back in presidential race
egypt confirms mubarak 's pm back in presidency race
a man is lifting weights in a garage .
a man is lifting weights .
a rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit .
a bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny .
a man shoots a man .
a man with a pistol shoots another man .
appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the ten commandments in some cases and banning them in others .
lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the ten commandments in some instances and not in others .
an arrest warrant claimed bryant assaulted the woman june 30 at a hotel .
according to an arrest warrant , bryant , 24 , attacked a woman on june 30 .
buoyed by some of the advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .
buoyed by advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 on thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .
a cat is eating some corn .
a cat is eating corn on the cob .
a person wipes butter on a tray .
a person is buttering a tray .
on the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .
the foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .
hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a british study of more than a million women has found .
a major british study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin .
the agency will " consider as timely any tax returns or payments due " aug. 15 if they are submitted by aug. 22 .
the agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from friday through aug. 22 if they are completed by aug. 22 .
" in so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history , " bush said .
surrounded by singers from harlem , bush said : ' ' the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history .
according to sunncomm 's peter jacobs , " mediamax performs exactly as ' advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .
" mediamax performs exactly as " advertised " to the companies who purchased it , " jacobs said in the statement .
a target is being hit with gun fire .
the target was being shot with bullets .
the man hit the other man with a stick .
the man spanked the other man with a stick .
a rabbit is running from an eagle .
a hare is running from a eagle .
the woman is frying a breaded pork chop .
a woman is cooking a breaded pork chop .
a man is pouring oil into a pan .
a man is pouring oil into a skillet .
a person is cutting mushrooms .
a person is cutting mushrooms with a knife .
a pankda is eating bamboo .
a panda bear is eating some bamboo .
two dogs swim in a pool .
dogs are swimming in a pool .
a man is slicing a potato into pieces .
a black horse is running around .
the horse is running .
a woman is slicing an onion .
a woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife .
a woman is slicing onions with a large knife .
the baby is laughing and crawling .
a baby is laughing and crawling on the floor .
a cat swings on a ceiling fan .
a cat is spun around by a ceiling fan .
a monkey is brushing a bull dog .
a monkey brushes a dog .
a motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle .
a person crashes on a motorcycle .
a man is lifting a barbell .
american flag is waving .
a american flag is blowing in the wind .
the man drilled holes into the wood .
a man drills wood .
two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float .
two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool .
a dark brown horse standing in a field .
a brown horse stands in a lush green field .
a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .
sail boat sailing on the water .
sail boat floating on the blue water .
a woman with a viking hat on .
smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat .
parked white double decker bus .
a red and white double decker bus is parked .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
a black and white cow standing in the field .
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .
a black and white photo of a cat lying down .
a man and woman stand , smiling for camera .
a man and woman are posing for the camera .
the headlights on a blue car .
close up of the headlights on a blue car .
a black and white photo of a glass bottle of coca cola .
this is a black and white picture of a short squat coca-cola bottle .
four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats .
four blue and yellow planes in flight .
two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door , with one person pointing at the other .
a blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person .
a long train is on train tracks .
a silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac .
an aeromexico silver plane is on a runway .
two people sailing a small white sail boat .
couple sailing in a small sailboat .
a sheep standing on a table at auction .
woolly sheep at auction house .
a black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .
a black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field .
a double decker bus on a city street .
boy feeding a sheep .
a boy feeding a sheep hay .
a living room with a dining table in the background .
view of a living room with a dining room in the background .
red double decker bus with hood open .
an old red london double decker bus with its hood raised .
a bird perched on a flowerpot .
bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .
two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .
two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo .
kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .
a couple holds a baby .
couple with newborn baby .
double decker bus with the london eye ferris wheel in background .
a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .
a computer on the floor .
a close-up view of a horse 's head .
a close-up of a brown horse 's head .
two large dogs running in some grass .
two brindle dogs running in the grass .
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .
a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .
two people sit on the end of a dock .
two people sitting on a dock .
a dog carries a leash in its mouth .
a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
two dogs running through a field .
two dogs play in a field .
a child with his hands on his head .
a little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
two brown dogs are biting each other .
two brown dogs biting each other on sand .
a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
a boy in a robe sits in a chair .
the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
a man is climbing the side of a mountain .
a dog is running along the grass .
a brown dog is running in the grass .
three dogs are playing in the water .
three dogs swim in the water .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
a man walks two dogs in the city .
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .
a little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
a boy with a metal colander on his head .
a dog digging in the sand .
a brown dog digs in the sand .
kids play soccer on a field .
three boys playing soccer in a field
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a lady is running her dog through an agility course .
trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
a young girl running on the beach .
a little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .
gotta love the ek factoid that " iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .
the money i spent adopting velociraptor .
those may be my top . the money i spent adopting velociraptor .
so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?
gl , terral hi corn : so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?
my gosh , i 'm the one with the pregnancy ticker .
i have the pregnancy ticker .
like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime .
or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers .
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
ooo strike two those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
the argument was " albert einstein didn 't go to college " .
omg , " einstein didn 't go to college . "
i 'd offer iran a deal .
chuck i 'd offer iran a deal .
sometimes i fantasize about having power .
sometimes i , too , fantasise about bending people before my demented will .
why are russians in damascus ?
russians in damascus !
the entire thing just makes no sense .
see that makes no sense .
you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
hi eots : you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
in foxe basin was frozen .
foxe was mostly frozen .
@ frank apisa , frank , i observe and perceive .
@ cicerone imposter , frank , i observe and perceive .
haiti is a shithole .
haiti has been a shithole .
the people had awakened .
because the people had awakened .
cone threw an game .
addie joss cone threw an game .
you don 't use the search button much , do you ?
you don 't use the search button at all , do you ?
british-based glaxosmithkline plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to canadian drugstores that ship to the united states .
glaxosmithkline , the uk drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to canadian stores shipping drugs to the us .
abbas told the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
at wednesday 's summit , abbas pledged to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
ryan harvey , an outfielder from dunedin high school in florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the chicago cubs .
ryan harvey , a high school outfielder from florida , was chosen sixth by the cubs .
" we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , " muqtada al sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .
" we condemn and denounce the governing council , which is headed by the united states , " moqtada al-sadr said .
in a statement distributed friday , 28 chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .
in a statement distributed today , 28 chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .
the company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .
the company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .
where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
" whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " myers said .
" we had nothing to do with @ stake 's internal personnel decision , " microsoft spokesman sean sundwell said .
" microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with atstake 's internal personnel decision , " sundwall said .
" fewer than 10 " fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the justice department said .
in addition , the justice department said that the fbi has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .
jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , many arriving passengers in atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .
jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in atlanta .
squyres is principal investigator for the athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .
steve squyres , a cornell university scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .
the university of michigan released today a new admissions policy after the u.s. supreme court struck down in june the way it previously admitted undergraduates .
the university of michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the u.s. supreme court in june .
" i came basically to washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to california , " schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional republicans .
" i came to washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money , " schwarzenegger said after one meeting .
turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were turks .
ankara says all four suicide bombers were turkish .
from florida to alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
thousands of revellers , celebrating the decision , vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
the lawsuit names shelley , a democrat , and registrars in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .
the lawsuit named secretary of state kevin shelley , a democrat , and the registrars of voters in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .
it will also give microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the commission .
among other things , microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response .
" this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , " said the foreman , jim wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .
jim wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , said , " this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . "
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce .
spain currently holds the osce 's presidency .
the treaty was first signed in 1990 .
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .
these human rights violations include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester .
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity .
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity .
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism .
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism .
it is a serious threat to international security .
it presents a major threat to global security .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences .
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences .
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii .
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
castro celebrates 86th birthday monday
fidel castro celebrates 86th birthday
china news agency : still hope for syria peace
china state news agency : there 's still hope for syria peace
navy jet crashes into apartment building
us navy jet crashes into apartment block
olympics opening ceremony a hit around globe
opening ceremony gives olympics a rocking start
us soldier kills up to 16 civilians in afghanistan
us soldier kills up to 16 afghan civilians in shooting spree
us : madoff brother to plead guilty in ny in fraud
madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud
s. africa 's former president mandela discharged from hospital
mandela discharged from hospital
sarkozy announces re-election bid
france 's nicolas sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
amnesty : syria rebels also committing abuses
amnesty investigator : syria rebels also committing abuses
hrw : jordan biased against palestinians from syria
jordan biased over palestinians from syria
mali interim leader takes office
mali 's interim president sworn into office
obama , romney prepare for first debate
obama , romney prepare to debate
james murdoch quits bskyb
james murdoch quits role at bskyb
ap source : redskins to trade for no. 2 pick
redskins trade for no. 2 pick
south africa police shot dead 30 miners
south africa police say they killed 30 + miners
putin claims victory in presidential vote
ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
ukraine 's korobka gets four-year doping ban
putin ' wins russian presidential election'
putin ' wins ' russia 's presidential election
punjab mail derails near rohtak , 19 injured
punjab mail derails near rohtak in haryana , 19 injured
japan closes last nuclear reactor
japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
6.1-magnitude quake strikes indonesia
6.1-magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia -- usgs
2 americans killed as afghan unrest enters fifth day
two american officers murdered as afghan unrest continues
agribusiness : mad cow disease found in california
usda confirms case of mad cow disease in california
egypt presidential election results delayed
egyptian election result delayed
spain jobless rate hits new high
spain 's jobless claims hit new high
yahoo ! to name google 's mayer as ceo : report
yahoo names google exec mayer as ceo
newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
palestinians clash with israeli forces in west bank , jerusalem
palestinians clash with security forces in w. bank
jagan reddy shifted to hospital , power crisis continues in seemandhra
telangana : jagan to spend thursday in hospital ; blackout continues in seemandhra
rouhani leads in iran presidential vote - preliminary results
rouhani leads in initial iran count
hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
hamas in mixed-sex school ' ban'
alleged cop killer died from shot to head
alleged cop killer died from gunshot
tokyo to host 2020 olympic games
tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympics
chairman of easyjet to step down
chairman of british no-frills airline easyjet to step down
n korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
n. korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
jeff bezos bets $ 250 million on reviving washington post
jeff bezos pays $ 250 million for the washington post
thai political protests paralyse more ministries
thai protesters besiege more ministries
blizzard brings us northeast to a halt
blizzard wallops us northeast , closes roads
track fault disrupts train service between raffles place , marina bay
train service disrupted between raffles place and marina bay
lance armstrong confesses all to oprah
lance armstrong confesses to doping in oprah interview
the e-mails - oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
explosions near the iranian embassy in beirut
two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut
allen responds to farrow 's abuse claims in letter
allen defends self against farrow 's abuse claims
snowden 's father arrives in moscow
edward snowden 's father in moscow
new world trade center declared tallest building in u.s .
five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in egypt
egypt sentences pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
former spokesman for u.s. president ronald reagan dies
former reagan spokesman larry speakes dies at 74
three dead , including gunman , in maryland mall shooting
3 dead in maryland mall shooting
bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair
us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief
officer injured in india anti-rape protests dies
indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
faction names bianca ojukwu apga national leader
bianca ojukwu becomes apga national leader
senate confirms yellen as fed head
south africa prays for nelson mandela
south africa unites in prayer and song for nelson mandela
iran 's ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
belgian king albert ii to step down in favor of son
belgium king albert ii ' to abdicate'
easy rider star karen black dies aged 74
easy rider actress karen black dies of cancer
tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
queen visits london soldier attack scene
queen elizabeth ii visits barracks of uk soldier slain last week
india and china troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
india says china agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
queen to name biggest ever carrier
queen names giant aircraft carrier
nearly nine million people in ' severe debt'
britain 's debt timebomb : nine million are in ' serious debt'
russia releases greenpeace doctor
russian court releases greenpeace ship doctor on bail
body of missing south korean shipping tycoon found in field
sewol ferry disaster : body of south korean shipping tycoon found
us flying surveillance missions to help find kidnapped nigerian girls
us surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped nigerian girls
southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
southwest flights delayed , canceled after computer glitch
north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
north korea blocks access to key industrial zone
uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill
uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law
bombing aimed at hezbollah hits southern beirut
explosion hits hezbollah area south of beirut
iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks
amazon launches new device for streaming video
amazon unveils new fire tv streaming video box
mers respiratory illness found in u.s. , officials confirm
first case of mers , a sars-like respiratory illness , reported in north america
margaret thatcher dies after stroke
margaret thatcher dies at 87
imran blames rival for colleague murder
pakistans imran blames rival for killing party member
british nobel-winning author doris lessing dies
soccer ref punched by player dies
police : utah soccer referee punched by player dies
a man is eating something .
a man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza .
a person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box .
a person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container .
a red double decker bus on a crowded street .
a woman posing by a pillar with a u2 sign .
a woman is standing by a pillar where " u2 " is written .
a red and white plane flying on a sunny day .
red and white plane flying through the air .
two bald eagles perched on a branch .
two eagles are perched on a branch .
a group of people having a meal outside .
a group of people eat at a table outside .
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .
a blue scooter parked on a sidewalk .
a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .
a black and white dog swimming in clear water .
a small black and white dog is swimming in water .
a man and woman blow bubbles .
a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
three dogs playing in the snow .
three dogs run in the snow .
several people are sitting around a fire at night .
a group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .
two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
two black dogs playing in the grass .
two boys are jumping into a pool .
two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
a woman is bungee jumping .
a girl is bungee jumping .
a woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .
a person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .
it 's pretty difficult to imagine a person with social anxiety disorder being an extrovert .
on the surface , it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn 't both exist in the same person .
there are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems .
there are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage .
you definitely do not want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding .
no , don 't support your weight on your arms your hands simply aren 't really made for supporting all that weight .
it would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person .
i 'm no herpetologist , but in my experience , snakes are in the " you don 't bug me , i won 't bug you " category .
yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over .
there 's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling / batting in the super over .
" generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .
generally unwanted — and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent — spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes .
former company chief financial officer franklyn m. bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on june 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
last week , former chief financial officer franklyn bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .
" it just seems like all the issues that we support , he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus of lulac .
" it just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation .
the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals on wednesday ruled that an ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .
an ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .
colorado shooting suspect was in therapy
lawyers : colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
sly stallone 's sone sage found dead in la
sylvester stallone 's son found dead at home
7 detained for ' house sister ' scandal
china detains 7 for " house sister " scandal
china yuan strengthens to 6.168 against usd monday
china yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against usd thursday
shinzo abe selected as japan ’ s prime minister
shinzo abe is japan 's prime minister
red grapes and blueberries boost immune system , scientists say
red grapes , blueberries boost human immunity
fire in russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
38 feared dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire
a man is cutting up a cucumber .
two zebras play in an open field .
two zebras are playing in a field .
a polar bear is running towards a group of walruses .
a polar bear is chasing a group of walruses .
a man pours rice into a pot .
a man is putting rice in a bowling pot .
a cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan .
a cat is swinging on a fan .
green and white bird perched on tree branch .
bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch .
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter .
a small bird perched on an icy branch .
a brown duck and white duck stand on the grass .
brown and white ducks walking on green grass .
group of people posing with two men dressed as elvis .
a group of people standing with two other people dressed as elvis .
man in yellow canoe paddling through water .
man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore .
an elderly man works on his laptop at home .
older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop .
a gray cat laying on a brown table .
a grey cat lying on a wooden table .
three children playing on a floor with toys .
three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .
two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .
two dogs are running through a green yard
two women give a demonstration at a renaissance fair .
two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair .
a group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the blue angels .
a group of people are sitting at a beach watching the blue angels .
a kid sits on a soccer ball outside .
a kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park .
but odette is the first to form over the caribbean sea in december , the center said .
it is the first named storm to develop in the caribbean in december .
the next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-february .
the court 's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next february .
but in the first 30 seconds after young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , meyers said .
but in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , jodie meyers , stacy young 's sister , said .
authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed sars symptoms dec. 10 .
the scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed sars symptoms , officials said .
some 95 million americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .
about half of all u.s. households have money in mutual funds .
iraq searches syria bound iran plane : officials
iraq searches syrian-bound iranian plane
london 2012 olympics opening ceremony ' to feature a green and pleasant land'
london 2012 olympics : opening ceremony to be a ' green and pleasant land ' , says danny boyle
vehicles ablaze in collapsed japan tunnel
vehicles ' left burning ' as smoke emits from japan tunnel
chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape
chinese general ’ s son gets 10 years ’ jail for gang-rape
dhawan smashes india to big win over south africa
dhawan ton sets up india trophy win over south africa
internet , phone service restored in syrian capital
internet service resumes in syria
gunmen kidnap airline pilots in lebanon
gunmen kidnap 2 turkish airlines pilots in lebanon
kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey in march : report
kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey
greece suspends state broadcaster
greece to close state broadcaster to save money
the company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
that was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
fish are swimming .
a fish is swimming .
in the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing one soldier .
early monday , insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing an american soldier .
black train on train tracks .
a woman is shooting a gun .
a woman shoots a shotgun .
aftra members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .
aftra , on the other hand , approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent .
the portuguese weather service said europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .
the heatwave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said mario almeida of portugal 's weather service .
a girl is flying a kite .
a girl running is flying a kite .
a man is riding a mechanical bull .
a man rode a mechanical bull .
a woman is frying fish .
a woman is cooking fish .
a man is eating a banana by a tree .
a man is eating a banana .
a squirrel is spinning around in circles .
a small dog is chasing a yoga ball .
a dog is chasing a ball .
a man is playing on his keyboard .
lionel richie is dancing on the ceiling .
lionel ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling .
the people got off the train .
the people got off the train at the station .
a man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep .
a man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle .
two women are wrestling .
two women are wrestling on the floor .
the puppy played with a blue tennis ball .
a puppy is playing with a tennis ball .
a man seated in a room is playing the guitar .
a man and woman are walking together through the woods .
a man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area .
two women mix something in a food processor .
two women make something in a blender .
the man spread butter on the loaf of bread .
a man is spreading butter onto bread .
a person is boiling noodles .
a woman is boiling noodles in water .
a baby is laughing .
a baby is laughing and giggling .
a big green ball knocks a potato over .
a large green ball hits a potato .
a rooster pecks at a dead mouse .
a chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .
a car is moving through a road .
a car is driving down the road .
a dog lies on his back on a wooden floor .
a dog is laying on the floor .
the woman is walking her dog .
a woman walks her dog down the street .
paper is being cut with scissors .
a piece of paper is being cut .
the rhino grazed on the grass .
a rhino is grazing in a field .
the lady sliced a tomatoe .
someone is cutting a tomato .
a rider is running and jumping her horse .
a woman jumps hurdles on a horse .
a man is smoking .
the man sat in his suit and smoked .
a cat is drinking milk .
a kitten is drinking milk .
a woman is tapping her fingers on a table .
a woman is tapping her fingers .
a woman is cutting a leak .
a woman is slicing a leek .
a man played the piano .
a man plays a piano .
a man is chopping a log with an axe .
a man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe .
two men are fighting in a cow pasture .
two men are fighting in a cattle pen .
two boys on a couch are playing video games .
two boys are playing a video game .
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
a woman is cracking eggs .
a person is playing the keyboard .
someone slices a bottle with a sword .
a man breaks a bottle with a sword .
a man is eating a bowl of cereal .
the man is eating cereal .
a person pours some rice pudding into a bowl .
the lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl .
the deer jumped over the fence .
a deer jumps over a cyclone fence .
the woman droppped eggplant into the pan .
a woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet .
a woman with a knife is slicing a pepper .
a women slicing green pepper .
a woman cuts a pineapple .
a woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces .
a man is taking out the insides of a green pepper .
someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper .
a kitten is eating its food from a plate .
a kitten eats some food .
a man makes a call on a cell phone .
a man is making a phone call .
the man lifted barbells .
a man lifts weights .
a bus driving in a street .
red double decker bus driving down street .
the man is riding a motorcycle down the road .
a man is riding a red motorcycle on the road .
a group of people sit around a table with food and beer .
a black and white cow in hay .
a black and white cow in a pen with hay .
double decker passenger bus driving with traffic .
a woman holding a small baby .
a smiling woman holding a small baby .
a passenger train waiting at the city train station .
a black , flat screen television placed on the floor .
a couple posing for a picture on a couch .
young couple sitting on couch .
gray cat looking out the window .
a cat looking out of a window .
an amtrak passenger train waiting at a station .
two birds are perched on a metal band .
two small birds perched on a metal bar .
a women wearing a bikini top and jeans .
a brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .
brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .
yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa .
an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .
a man riding a white horse in an arena .
a man riding a white horse .
a girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse .
a girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .
a sheep stands on a hillside .
room with several computer monitors .
a room with four computer monitors in a row .
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
a train is running on the tracks .
a train is running down the track in a rural area .
the blue train is at the station .
a group of sheep grazing on a hill .
a group of sheep are on a hill .
a double decker red united bus on a city street .
a yellow school bus is parked in a rural area .
a yellow school bus parked in a field .
a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .
a orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
a double decker bus drives on a city street .
a black train moves down the tracks .
a train traveling down the tracks .
a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .
several cows grazing on the median by the road .
five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways .
a computer on a desk .
a computer operating on a desk .
yellow boat on a beach .
a yellow boat on shore .
a gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera .
the cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera .
the white sheep is standing on the green hill .
a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
a green bike parked outside a book store .
two women stand in a living room with a black dog .
two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera .
a close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car .
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .
a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
eight bottles of harp lager lined up on the floor .
eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor .
close up of a white sheep with a black head .
a close-up of a sheep with a black head .
a small red car on top of a semi truck .
red sports car on top of white semi truck .
a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .
a man stands next to a yellow corvette .
a baby holds a ketchup packet .
a baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet .
a black and brown dog runs through the woods .
a dog running through the woods .
a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
a black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .
a boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
a boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
a dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
the large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
st. bernard dog running in the snowy field .
a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
a child holds a yellow balloon .
a girl in orange lights a candle .
a girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
a skier is falling into the snow .
a skier is falling face first into the snow .
two dogs playing in the snow .
two black dogs in the snow .
a dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
the black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
man riding a surfboard on a wave .
a man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .
brown dog running on grass .
the dog is running on grass .
a brown dog chews on an orange ball .
a dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
a black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner .
a black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee .
the brown dog jumps for a pink frisbee .
two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
a girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
a girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
a young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
a young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
a dog splashing in the water .
a dog splashes in the murky water .
we in britain think differently to americans .
originally posted by zaf we in britain think differently to americans .
the human element you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?
you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?
dr. neander 's revised version .
neander 's revised version " ?
and the simple fact today ?
i repeat : and the simple fact today ?
lacey - welcome back !
anyway , welcome back .
tell us what the charges were .
yes what are his charges .
alright just got in .
not well alright just got in .
she was a great lady .
she was a nice lady .
i thought that was mostly just the dutch .
it is mostly just the dutch .
i 'm so sorry to hear this kelly .
i 'm so sorry , kelly .
and i 'm your friend mitt .
your good friend mitt .
hi pro and corn : how many threads do you plan on making ?
how many threads do you plan on making ?
tell me exactly which system isn 't working right now ?
so which system isn 't working for us ?
oh , and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right .
particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right .
operation chaos is merely people voting .
chaos is merely people voting .
it 's definitely not what it used to be .
voted voted it 's definitely not what it used to be .
peeve so we agree that it came down essentially in freefall ?
do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall ?
i agree completely i am hoping he is into a second term of office .
i am hoping he is into a second term of office .
umm the california was a cargo ship i dont care what the article says .
the california was a cargo ship .
march is also the date for the uprising in china .
originally posted by vitchilo march is also the date for the uprising in china .
i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .
respectfully submitted , steve i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .
no , i show you are willfully ignorant .
lol , you are so ignorant .
the ideology was built around violent expansion , so yes - violent expansion .
the ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority .
south asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .
of the 1.1 million infected in south asia , 62 % are female .
it 's the first such drill since the september 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington .
it is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the sept . 11 terrorist attacks .
earlier , they had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar " ( god is greatest ) as bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .
earlier , bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar ( god is greatest ) " as he walked to his seat .
sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
sovereign shares closed on the new york stock exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .
a passer-by found ben hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .
a passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .
the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .
no tumors were detected ; rather , empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place .
it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had the option of signing on google 's services .
it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had been using google 's advertising services .
the company is highlighting the addition of .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment ( eae ) with the new mainframe .
the company is also adding .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment development toolset , sapp said .
in canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .
in canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .
french retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
by 2040 , retirees will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .
both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .
the bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .
the bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in iraq and afghanistan .
bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " white house press secretary ari fleischer said yesterday .
on tuesday , before byrd 's speech , fleischer said bush wanted ' ' to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .
mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville .
manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville .
cisco has signed similar deals with at & t corp. t.n , sbc communications inc . sbc.n and sprint corp. fon.n .
cisco has similar relationships with bellsouth competitors sbc communications , at & t and sprint communications .
on wednesday , the total of national guard and reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
as of yesterday , the total number of national guard and reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitives that has been issued to u.s. troops .
he was the ace of diamonds in a u.s. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .
sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .
" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , " said david richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .
" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " said dave richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .
microsoft said friday that it is halting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computer 's safari browser .
microsoft will stop developing versions of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple 's safari is now all that apple needs .
the measures could be taken up by the full senate as early as friday .
ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full senate by friday .
labor department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .
the analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .
the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
the dow jones rose 41.61 points friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
" right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
but mr. crosby told the associated press : " right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
mr. bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "
gbi spokesman john bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
university of michigan president mary sue coleman said in a statement on the university 's web site , " our fundamental values haven 't changed .
" our fundamental values haven 't changed , " mary sue coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in ann arbor .
carlson on tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
service officials said carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .
but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .
but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .
mr sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on saturday .
he said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids friday night .
on tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .
the central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .
the officials did not say whether u.s. forces crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian border guards became involved .
u.s. officials did not say whether american forces , who were acting on intelligence , crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian guards were involved .
palm wednesday announced plans to acquire handspring , a company started by jeff hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the palm handheld .
palm said on wednesday it plans to buy handspring , a company created by renegade palm co-founder jeff hawkins .
" close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , " mr howard said .
close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .
the mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .
the mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .
a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the texas or louisiana coasts by monday night .
a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico on sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the louisiana coast monday night .
once converted , baystar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of sco common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
the investment gives larkspur , calif.-based baystar more than 2.9 million shares of sco common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
people who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn 't the right thing to do . "
" what is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do . "
world no. 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
world no.2 lleyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice , including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
the leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer marissa jaret winokur as edna 's daughter tracy .
marissa jaret winokur , as tracy , won for best actress in a musical .
" it appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , " burke said .
said mr. burke : " it was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . "
" this has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , " investigation board member steven wallace said .
" this was a persistent problem which has not been solved , mechanically and physically , " said board member steven wallace .
amnesty international has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .
amnesty international said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq .
in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .
in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .
the monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
the arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
that triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in downtown washington and northern virginia .
his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown washington and northern virginia .
complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened liberians who have been fighting on both sides .
fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened liberians on both sides .
in an e-mail statement to the knoxville news sentinel , shumaker said , ' ' i am not giving any consideration to resignation .
i am not giving any consideration to resignation , " shumaker said in a statement .
a poll showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against gop opponent sam katz .
a poll released this week showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort .
sobig.f spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as " thank you ! , " " re : details " or " re : that movie . "
the virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like " thank you ! " and " re : details " .
griffith , a mount airy native , now lives on the north carolina coast in manteo .
griffith , 77 , grew up in mount airy and now lives in manteo .
he also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself .
he also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered .
albertsons and kroger 's ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .
kroger 's ralphs chain and albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .
licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .
when fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .
the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out , the company said .
the wifi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in britain .
the world 's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in great britain .
forecasters said warnings might go up for cuba later thursday .
watches or warnings could be issued for eastern cuba later on thursday .
galloway township , n.j. annika sorenstam drew the crowds , michelle wie got the publicity but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .
galloway township , n.j. > > annika sorenstam and michelle wie drew the crowds , but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .
several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
following california 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .
the mdc called the strike to force mr mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the zimbabwe crisis .
the mdc called the week-long protest to urge mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country .
in january 2000 , notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume .
that compares with january 2000 , when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume , npd said .
but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal no child left behind act .
but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups , such as race , pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal no child left behind act .
airtran officials and a boeing official declined to comment yesterday .
trish york , a spokeswoman for boeing , declined to comment on the deal .
yee is a 1990 graduate of the u.s. military academy at west point , new york .
yee grew up in the united states and graduated from the u.s. military academy at west point .
" it was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .
state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .
russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of yukos oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .
the weekend arrest of russia 's richest man , mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yukos , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .
ricky clemons ' brief , troubled missouri basketball career is over .
missouri kicked ricky clemons off its team , ending his troubled career there .
" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a supreme court appointment , " daschle wrote .
" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " daschle of south dakota wrote the republican president .
he said the fda was hoping congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .
he said fda hopes congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .
ernst & young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .
ernst & young spokesman kenneth kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing .
state police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .
as many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially , the state police said .
halliburton on tuesday reiterated its contention that kbr had " delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms " .
" we believe kbr delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms , " halliburton spokeswoman wendy hall said .
the cleveland cavaliers won the right to draft james by winning the nba 's annual lottery thursday night .
such was the case thursday night when the cleveland cavaliers won the " lebron james lottery , " otherwise known as the nba draft lottery .
more than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .
more than 100 officers launched the london raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring .
" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , " chief executive marce fuller said .
" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , " mirant ceo marce fuller said in a prepared statement early friday .
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as friday from the jiuquan launching site in the gobi desert .
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next wednesday and friday from a launching site in the gobi desert .
" they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , " he said on sunday .
" what they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away .
he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , moriarty thought .
from the top of the embankment , moriarty thought , " he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold . "
kedo spokesman , roland tricot said : " the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .
" the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals , " the korean energy development organization said .
prosecutors did an about-face in may and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of conner peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
they asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
however , other unions including the powerful cgt remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .
the powerful cgt and other unions remained opposed to the plans , however , and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them .
several thousand 3rd infantry troops , including the 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week .
a few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through friday .
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens ' safety .
mexico wishes to avoid more violence .
national , regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government .
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup .
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan .
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor .
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial .
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty .
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction .
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility .
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships .
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes .
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes .
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle .
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government 's development fund .
iraq 's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government .
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe .
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic .
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic .
syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in damascus
damascus ' suicide bombing ' kills 10
suicide bombing rocks elite yemen military camp
suicide bombers attack yemen military posts
abbas to lead palestinian unity government
abbas proposed as pm in interim unity government
hurricane sandy gains speed , batters us east coast
saudi arabia arrests suspected militants with al-qaeda links
saudi arabia arrests suspected militants , state media reports
four men admit london stock exchange bomb plot
four men admit london bombs plot
nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some infiniti cars
nadal tumbles into french open final
nadal through to seventh french open final
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
alps attack : girl returns to uk
assange appeals extradition to uk 's top court
assange to appeal extradition to uk 's top court
mob kills man for burning quran
pakistani mob kills man ' for burning koran'
france 's strauss-kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
strauss-kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
bahrain grand prix underway amid protests
bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
east german rights activist gauck elected president
joachim gauck elected as german president
space legend neil armstrong dies
first man on moon neil armstrong dies at 82
u.s. , eu cautiously welcome iran 's proposal to restart nuclear talks
u.s. , eu welcome iran 's offer to restart nuclear talks
putin sworn in as russian president
putin sworn in as russia 's president for 6 years
golf : westwood takes lead in dubai desert classic
westwood in front a dubai desert classic
aung san suu kyi to address british mps
burma 's aung san suu kyi to address parliament on june visit
sheriff : man recovers stolen car 42 years later
us man recovers car 42 years after theft
google ceo says android important , not critical
larry page says android important , not critical
un observers find traces of syrian massacre
un team investigates syrian massacre
china says defense budget to rise 11.2 % in 2012
china 's defence spending to rise 11.2 %
egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
egyptians go to polls in historic election
gore vidal dead at 86 : legendary author , playwright , and politician dies
gore vidal , celebrated author , playwright , dies at 86
obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
u.s. relaxes deportation rules for young people : napolitano
iraqi attacks kill general , four police
attacks in iraq kill general and 4 others
george zimmerman ' to be charged ' with killing trayvon martin
george zimmerman to be charged in trayvon martin case , official says
'million muppet march ' to defend obama backing of pbs
million muppet march planned to defend u.s. backing for pbs
iran 's parliament questions a dismissive ahmadinejad
iran 's parliament questions president ahmadinejad
u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan , tunisia
us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia , sudan
us election : mitt romney concedes defeat as barack obama wins second term
romney concedes election to obama in phone call
dr congo rebels kill park rangers
rebels kill two park rangers in eastern congo
friends of syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of syrian people
u.s. , friends of syria recognise opposition as sole representative
matt smith to leave doctor who after 4 years
matt smith quits bbc ’ s doctor who
schumacher in a coma after ski accident
michael schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
bradley cooper and jj abrams in talks about filming a lance armstrong biopic
bradley cooper in talks to play lance armstrong in biopic
mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
zimbabwe : mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
van der sloot to marry in prison
joran van der sloots plans to get married in peru prison
50th anniversary of jfk 's death remembered
on 50th anniversary of jfk death , dallas holds its first memorial
philadelphia building collapses , 8-10 people may be trapped
philadelphia building collapses ; reports of people trapped
north korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
north korea launches short-range missiles
four u.s. air force helicopter crew members killed in uk crash
us air force helicopter crew killed in british crash
malaysia detains australian senator at airport
malaysia detains australian lawmaker at airport
gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan
gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in pakistan
n korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
egyptians vote on divisive constitution
egyptians vote on constitution change
critical gates memoir rocks obama administration
gates blast rocks obama administration
purge sends chilling message to north korea 's elite
purge of kim uncle sends chilling message to north korea ’ s elite
egypt army cracks down on brotherhood
egypt 's military cracks down on muslim brotherhood
vinnie jones reveals cancer battle new
vinnie jones reveals he has skin cancer
judge enters not guilty plea for james holmes
not guilty plea for james holmes – but insanity option still on table
tropical storm andrea zipping up the east coast
tropical storm andrea to slide up east coast
protests planned across brazil despite concessions
former zambian president arrested
zambia 's ex-president rupiah banda arrested
asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
asian markets up on strong us jobs data
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
man and woman found dead in essex hotel swimming pool
obama cancels moscow meeting with putin
obama canceled meeting with putin
hollande ' threatens legal action ' after affair allegations
françois hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
helicopter crashes near rail station in london
helicopter crashes in london
japanese planes flew into china 's new defense zone
japan , s korean military planes defy china 's new defence zone
syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
france hails breakthrough after u.s.-russia deal on syria weapons
france welcomes us-russia deal on syria
isaf soldier killed in afghan ' insider attack'
british soldier shot dead in afghan ‘ insider attack ’
thieves snatch english channel swimmer 's custom-made wheelchair
thieves steal channel swimmer 's wheelchair
stocks to watch at close on monday
stocks to watch on monday
egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo
police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo
u.s. retailers agree to bangladesh plant safety pact
70 retailers agree to new bangladesh factory safety pact
china launches probe and rover to moon
china launches first moon rover mission
china 's peace ark departs for the philippines thursday
china sends aid team to philippines
17 killed in us drone attack on yemen wedding party
u.s. drone mistakenly kills 14 in yemen wedding convoy
monty python to reunite for new show
monty python to reunite on stage
gang violence kills 16 in venezuelan prison
sixteen killed in venezuela prison
crash of malaysia airlines flight mh17 in eastern ukraine
malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border
egyptian court considers mubarak ‚ äôs release
egypt court orders mubarak release
cricket-england v australia fourth test scoreboard
cricket-england 155-4 v australia , fourth test - tea
australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
australian pm gillard ousted in leadership vote
malaysia airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to beijing
malaysia airlines plane vanishes on flight to beijing
us seeks to reassure wary gulf allies over iran deal
hagel seeks to reassure jittery gulf allies after iran deal
palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in prague
palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
world powers and iran to resume expert nuclear talks on dec. 30
iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week
record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal
at least 1 dead , 40 hospitalized in southwest heat wave
driver backs into stroller with child , drives off
driver backs into mom , stroller with child then drives off
silvio berlusconi expelled from italy 's parliament
silvio berlusconi expelled from parliament
hosni mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 june
mubarak retrial adjourned to june
egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
qatar 's emir hands power to his son
qatari emir hands power to son tamim
egypt braces for ' friday of anger ' after carnage
egypt braces for friday of anger after bloody crackdown
china lands jade rabbit robot rover on moon
ukrainian parliament dismisses president
ukraine 's parliament votes to dismiss president
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested
captain of capsized s korean ferry arrested
communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7
communist rebels kill eight philippine police
woman dies while riding roller coaster in texas
woman dies riding roller coaster at texas amusement park
first post office savings bank atm opens in chennai
india 's first post office savings bank atm inaugurated in chennai
british stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
british stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in alps
white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction
white diamond fetches record $ 34m at hk auction
psni failed ruc officers , tribunal told
13 : 23 psni ' failed ruc officer families'
police helicopter crashes into scottish pub
police helicopter crashes on top of bar in glasgow
us ups pressure on israel as un demands gaza truce
us , un up pressure on israel over gaza
australian pm says ' very confident ' signals are from black box
australian pm confident sounds are from flight 370
philippe becomes king of belgium
philippe ascends throne of divided belgium
india anti-graft party takes charge in new delhi
india 's anti-graft party forms government in delhi
un court convicts 6 bosnian croats of atrocities
un war crimes court convicts six bosnians croats
saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at detroit airport
saudi man traveling with pressure cooker arrested
rallies demand ' justice for trayvon'
across us , people rally for ' justice for trayvon'
hagel , dempsey face congress over defense budget
hagel laments " political " changes to us defence budget
ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
syria 's pm escapes assassination try , regime says
syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
us attorney general eric holder to resign
hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , officials vow
hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
china on high alert for typhoon kalmaegi
china issues yellow alert for typhoon kalmaegi
tokyo shares open higher over buoyant u.s. market
tokyo shares open higher tracing u.s. gains
tokyo shares open higher on buoyant u.s. market
tokyo shares open higher following strong u.s. performance
lewis hamilton takes pole for russian gp
lewis hamilton wins inaugural russian gp
suspected boko haram suicide bombers in nigeria kill 24
suspected boko haram attacks kill dozens in nigeria
kittens are eating food .
kittens are eating from dishes .
a man is drilling a hole in a board .
someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood .
a chef is preparing some food .
a chef prepared a meal .
a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid .
the woman is pencilling on eye shadow .
a woman is playing the guitar .
a person is playing a guitar .
the cows feed in the trough .
a cat looking at the camera .
a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
two women posing with a baby .
two smiling women holding a baby .
a cat sleeps on purple sheet .
a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .
a large black and white cow in a field .
two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building .
two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall .
a close-up of a brown horse .
a close-up of a horse .
an office with multiple desks and green walls .
small office space with bright green walls .
a man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie .
motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car .
black bird sitting on a concrete slab .
black bird standing on concrete .
boy lying on couch with small white dog .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
a black dog is running through the snow .
the black and brown dog is running through the snow .
a little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
a young girl standing in front of a fountain
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
the dogs play in the snow .
there are dogs in the forest .
the dogs are alone in the forest .
man on steps
a man sits on steps .
the man is in a deserted field .
the man is outside in the field .
a dog is chasing cows .
a white dog is chasing cows .
the man and woman are resting on a couch .
a man and woman are asleep on the couch .
a woman jumps and poses for the camera .
a woman poses for the camera .
i agree with others ( and yourself ) in that i have never heard this phrase in english .
i have never heard or seen the phrase you mention .
yes , you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile .
absolutely ok ; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter .
federal doma does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th amendments to the constitution .
doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the constitution .
the president is not really all that important for german people .
the function of the german president is almost just representative .
is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying d / l method ?
yes , it 's possible for a match to get tie after applying the d / l method .
yes , this is ok , as it allows you to emphasise certain things , that you want the readers to notice .
i believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point .
the decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .
more than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and aids .
also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines .
" this decision is clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman timothy muris said in a written statement .
the decision is " clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman tim muris said .
he will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
u.s. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected taliban militants after coming under fire in southern afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .
u.s. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected taliban militants in southern afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said sunday .
at first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .
at first blush , then , the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place .
higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .
the federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .
he claimed red hat and the free software foundation with trying to undermine u.s. copyright and patent law .
in his letter , mcbride charges the free software foundation and red hat with trying to undermine u.s. copyright laws .
police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing wells , before bomb technicians arrived .
while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .
tail wagging , abbey trotted on stage with conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference at the anaheim convention center .
on monday , abbey trotted on stage , tail wagging , with conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference .
the blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .
the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .
consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
to watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .
green lantern to be reintroduced as gay by dc comics
green lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
malawi confirms president 's death
malawi confirms president mutharika 's death
two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan
nato soldier killed in afghan attack
deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into scottish pub
scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
fashion designer lilly pulitzer dies
designer , socialite lilly pulitzer dies at 81
police helicopter crashes into pub in glasgow - several casualties
helicopter crashes into roof of glasgow club
u.s. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage
fast-food workers strike for higher pay
faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv
faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to israel
euro crisis is over , says france 's francois hollande
eurozone debt crisis is over , says france 's president
treasury proposal sees 1.5 % increase in income tax
treasury proposes 1.5 % income tax raise in budget
a man puts three pieces of meat into a pan .
a man is putting meat in a pan .
a man is sitting and smoking .
a man is smoking a cigarette .
a woman is slicing some tofu .
a woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes .
a man is riding a horse by a creek .
a man is riding a horse .
a little boy hits a golf ball .
the little boy swung at the golf ball .
a woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips .
a woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices .
a person is scrubbing a zucchini .
a woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush .
a lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .
a woman is stirring meat in a bowl .
a man sleeps with a baby in his lap .
a man asleep in a chair holding a baby .
a bicycle is parked by a shop .
young couple sitting on a black couch .
a grey cat laying on a dining table .
two indian women with two indian girls near the water .
two indian woman stand with two indian girls on a beach .
several people on motorcycles in a market square .
people on motorbikes in a city street .
a black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle .
a black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle .
the small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .
a small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera .
a woman riding a brown horse .
a girl riding a brown horse .
a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .
a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site .
a pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top .
pile of wooden debris with chair on top .
four people rowing down a river .
four people row a canoe in water .
older gentleman looking at red motorcycle .
a man looking at a red motorcycle .
crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom .
a group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .
a small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
a small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .
a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .
a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
a young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
the # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
a white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
a white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
a brown dog is running through the field .
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
a brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
a brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .
a light-colored dog runs through the grass .
child holding an object that is on fire .
a child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
a boy climbs a forest hill .
a boy is climbing a hill .
a group of people living in the desert
a group of people in the middle of the desert .
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .
you have to know what you want to do .
i have few suggestions for you :
i have two suggestions for you :
as soon as possible .
start them as early as possible .
to give this an answer :
i 'll answer this question :
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
sorry , i don 't know the answer to your question .
the rule - when in doubt throw it out !
i always go by the rule " when in doubt , throw it out !
this sound like a very bad idea .
it probably depends on the cut of meat .
it depends on the meat and how it 's cut .
have you tried asking your employees ?
have you tried asking ?
there are two possible causes for this :
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
in other words , it depends on where you go , when you do there and how .
i have the same thing .
i have had the same problem .
my answer to your question is " probably not " .
i think that the short answer to your question is : no .
i don 't think it makes any tremendous difference .
i don 't think it makes much difference .
i do not think it 's a good idea .
you are right on the mark .
how should i proceed about this ?
so how should i do this ?
does this page answer your question ?
does this answer your questions ?
i 'm going to be very direct here .
i 'm going to be blunt , here : you don 't .
it depends entirely on your company and your contract .
i guess it depends on the nature of your contract .
there are a few things i think you should do .
there are quite a few things you would need to do ;
how should you do that ?
i am in a similar situation .
it 's up to you what you want to do next .
well , i wouldn 't put it on my cv .
i wouldn 't put this job on my resume .
i think there isn 't a general answer .
i don 't think there is an answer for this .
work into it slowly .
you work on it slowly .
it varies by the situation .
this varies by institution .
i have the same problem .
i have the exact same problem .
no , it 's not a good thing .
you have a problem .
this is a big problem .
unfortunately , this question cannot be answered in its full generality .
this cannot be answered in general .
i don 't think there is a single definition .
the answer to your question is not really .
i had the same issue .
hope this is what you are looking for .
is this the kind of thing you 're looking for ?
there are a few things you need to consider :
it depends on what and where you are going to do .
in the us , it will depend on the school .
this will depend on the university .
there are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .
i had this problem before .
not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .
not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps .
claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 with 85-mph wind .
claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 , classified as a category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .
the afl-cio is waiting until october to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
the afl-cio announced wednesday that it will decide in october whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
shares of mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .
shares of mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 thursday .
under mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .
bounty hunting is illegal in mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .
the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .
the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .
frank quattrone , the former credit suisse first boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
new york - ( dow jones ) - former star investment banker frank quattrone pleaded not guilty tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
it later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow .
tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures .
klarman was arrested by fbi agents in the hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of new york city .
klarman was arrested by fbi agents monday morning at his home in new york .
bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , mahendradatta told reuters .
bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law , he added .
those conversations had not taken place as of tuesday night , according to an oracle spokeswoman .
those talks have not taken place , according to an oracle spokeswoman .
" tomorrow at the mission inn , i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california .
" i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california , and i 'm looking forward to it . "
he was referring to john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last sunday .
next week , john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .
the driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , supoyo said .
but police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning .
geraldine andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .
geraldine andrews , reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of wilson 's family , said robinson had recently taken wilson out of a mental health facility .
so in his state of the union address in january , bush declared that the british government " has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "
in his jan. 28 state of the union message , bush said , " the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "
the other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called " public " board members .
of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives , half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members .
schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies double gets trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies in at the double
trade newspaper variety up for sale
hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
libya postpones assembly election to july 7
libya postpones landmark election to july 7
defiant mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts ' vile ' west
mugabe sworn in for another term
powerful quake strikes off eastern indonesia
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern indonesia
uk 's ex-premier margaret thatcher dies at 87
former british pm margaret thatcher dies
twitter reports blocking in venezuela
twitter says images blocked in venezuela
more than 100 injured in texas plant blast
hundreds believed injured in texas fertiliser plant blast
south korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with north korea
south korean soldier kills comrades and flees
a girl is communicating with sign language .
a young girl is using sign language .
a woman is slicing a pepper .
a woman is cutting a red pepper .
" the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . "
the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims " may signal more favorable economic times ahead , " she said .
a person is rinsing a steak off with water .
a man is rinsing a large steak .
the judge also refused to postpone the trial date of sept . 29 .
obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the sept . 29 trial date .
a helicopter is landing on a helipad .
a helicopter lands .
results of the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released yesterday by statistics canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .
the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released wednesday by statistics canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .
she said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .
she said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .
a man is playing a bamboo flute .
the network is also dropping its friday night " dateline " edition .
the network will drop one edition of " dateline , " its newsmagazine franchise .
for the 12-month period ending june 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
for the full year period ending june 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
worldcom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in july 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
worldcom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in july , 2002 .
it can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .
and it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
a man is getting into a car .
a man is getting into a car in a garage .
the film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in november with the matrix revolutions .
" reloaded " is the second installment of a trilogy ; " the matrix revolutions " is slated for debut in november .
women are running .
two women are running .
a man is playing a large flute .
a man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza .
a man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .
a cat is rubbing against baby 's face .
a cat is rubbing against a baby .
a kid is playing guitar .
a boy is playing a guitar .
a man is peeling a potato .
a man peeled a potatoe .
a boy is checking a calender .
the shirtless man sat in a chair .
a shirtless man is sitting on a chair .
an animal run in circles .
a squirrel runs in circles .
a woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl .
a woman is cracking an egg into a bowl .
a man pours oil on some tomatos .
the man poured oil on the cut tomatoes .
a cheetah is running .
a cheetah is running across a field .
the person is riding the horse .
the woman is cutting cooked octopus .
a woman is chopping octopus .
a person is cutting some burrata cheese .
the person is slicing cheese .
the man is shooting an automatic rifle .
a man is shooting a gun .
a puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .
a puppy is pushing itself backwards .
a woman swims underwater .
a woman is swimming .
a woman is resting in a floating raft .
a woman relaxes in an inner tube .
the little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball .
a baby plays with a dog and ball .
soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal .
a soccer player scores a goal .
two robots share a kiss .
a male and female robot are kissing .
a man is slicing a pepper .
a person cuts a big green pepper apart .
two cartoon rabbits are kissing .
a rabbit is kissing another rabbit .
someone is slicing a cucumber .
a cow is eating grass .
a cow is eating hay .
a kid is playing an instrument .
a young boy is playing a wind instrument .
a girl is playing a flute .
a man laying down and shooting a gun
a man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle .
a person is adding chili powder to chili with beans .
the man is adding seasoning to the beans .
a girl is dragged downhill by a dog .
a dog is pulling a child down a hill .
an apple computer sitting on the floor .
a jockey riding a horse .
a jockey riding a horse in a pen .
a young girl riding a brown horse .
a brown horse in a green field .
black cow walking under trees in pasture .
cow walking under the tree in a pasture .
two eagles perched on a branch .
a striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter .
domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .
five birds stand on the snow .
several cardinals stand in the snow .
a young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .
two cats are looking at a window .
plane in mid-flight at sunset .
a plane flying near the sunset .
cows grazing in a snow covered field .
five cows grazing in a snow covered field .
a cat reclines on an office chair .
a ginger cat sitting on an office chair .
two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .
a scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .
a scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle .
black and white cow standing in grassy field .
a woman in riding a brown horse .
two cows crossing a road intersection .
two cows cross a paved street .
a women standing next to a brown cow .
a women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field .
woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .
a woman in a blue dress cuts a cake .
a white bus with the word julia is near water and a big ship .
a white bus with water and a barge in the background .
trains inside an indoor station .
elegant dining room with wood furniture .
an elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .
a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .
two people are sailing a small boat .
two women in a sailboat .
the young rider takes a ride on the brown horse .
a young female rider on a brown horse .
little white lamb with nose to wood .
a white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .
the woman is riding on the brown horse .
a kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves .
a small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter .
a woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area .
a women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area .
a man stands in front of a train .
a man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
a dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .
three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
three children playing on the floor .
two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
a brown dog about to catch a green frisbee .
a brown dog waits for the frisbee to come down before catching it .
the man in the backpack looks to his left .
an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
a small dog runs through an obstacle course .
a small dog jumping over an obstacle .
a boy goes down an inflatable slide .
a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .
two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .
a dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth .
a puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
a dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag .
a pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
a bird sits in a tree .
a bird sits in a leafless tree .
the young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
a boy in a blue t shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
the black dog is walking through the tall grass .
a person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
a person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .
two people sit on a dock near the water .
two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
the problem is simpler than that .
the problem is simple .
dickshot matt holliday owns .
matt holliday owns , y 'all .
you have too much regulation , not too little .
you have to much intervention in free markets , not too little .
no extortion , no bribery , no money involved he 's asking for money for his vote .
no extortion , no bribery , no money involved only class e felonies .
the bailout was bigger than tarp bloomberg news .
the bailout was bigger than tarp this title is misleading .
- admin drpizza and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
we all believe that we are getting what we expect .
most times , % of the time , we are getting what we expect .
let 's let this play out in court .
nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court .
has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
one word : zombies has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
wait until they become more consistent and closer together .
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together .
yeah , i don 't think this is that controversial either .
i don 't think what she 's saying is that controversial .
holly holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
originally posted by spikdboy not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
originally posted by objectivism not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
i don 't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited .
your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today .
just so long as the tax on that sale is paid .
just so long as the tax is paid .
do you further agree that i have made no claim ?
so that you will admit and verify that i have made no claim .
part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion .
pro-life also refers to just " opposition to abortion " .
your confusion doesn 't make me a liar .
then your confusion doesn 't make me a liar either .
my hair is pretty thing tho : / quote : ditto .
my hair is pretty thing tho : / woops !
in 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .
gilroy police and fbi agents described gehring as cooperative , but said saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .
saturday , officials in california described gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children .
only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .
only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .
instead , tickets for the jersey jam went on sale last night through ticketmaster .
tickets , available through ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .
the rev. christopher j. coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment friday .
the rev. christopher coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .
one had also pointed to the word refugee in an english / turkish dictionary .
one man had brandished an english-turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .
his dissent was joined by chief justice william h. rehnquist and justice clarence thomas .
chief justice william h. rehnquist and justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas dissented .
harris and klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on april 20 , 1999 .
harris and klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .
tehran has made clear it will only sign the additional protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian western nuclear technology is lifted .
tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful western nuclear technology is lifted .
the fed 's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .
prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .
tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and right fielder aubrey huff were ejected for arguing after huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .
tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .
nick markakis , a left-hander from young harris junior college in georgia , went to the orioles with the seventh pick .
next , baltimore took nick markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from young harris junior college in georgia .
chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment july 3 .
mr. chapman , who hasn 't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next thursday , prosecutors said .
the u.s. conference board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
the conference board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
the california farm bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
the california farm bureau did not immediately have an official response to tuesday 's ruling .
the findings were published in the july 1 issue of the annals of internal medicine .
the findings are being published today in the annals of internal medicine .
gov. rick perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the lottery commission .
gov. rick perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be " hard-pressed " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
in kentucky , democratic attorney general ben chandler faces u.s. rep. ernie fletcher .
kentucky : republican ernie fletcher , a three-term house member , is battling democratic state attorney general ben chandler .
chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got " at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . "
albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had " at least one of the fires resolved . "
but church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many episcopalians .
but church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some episcopalians who believe the bible prohibits homosexuality .
the weakness exists in the way that vba looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .
the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft 's visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made " .
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . "
lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination .
lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination .
excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .
analysts polled by thomson financial first call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
israeli soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny west bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a us-backed mideast peace plan .
israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the west bank yesterday - an israeli obligation under a new mideast peace plan .
this northern autumn us trainers will work with soldiers from four north african countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .
later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four north african nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the sco announcement .
a spokesman for sco could not be reached for comment this afternoon .
" there is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the un , " he said .
he added : " there is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .
gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .
gemstar shares moved higher on the news , closing up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on nasdaq .
kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertsons inc. bargain jointly with safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .
in a show of corporate solidarity , kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertson inc. locked out their workers the next morning .
his lawyer , pamela mackey , said bryant expects to be completely exonerated .
" mr. bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , " mackey said in a statement .
the new york mets then selected outfielder lastings milledge from lakewood ranch high school in florida .
the mets took lastings milledge , an outfielder from florida , with the 12th pick .
the consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from january to june , 53 % of citigroup 's profit and revenue .
it generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of citigroup 's totals .
mr alibek said : " our outcomes are very encouraging .
" our outcomes are very encouraging , " george mason researcher ken alibek said .
she survives him as do their four children -- sons anthony and kelly , daughters linda hope and nora somers -- and four grandchildren .
hope is survived by his wife ; sons anthony and kelly ; daughters linda and nora somers ; and four grandchildren .
It that happens, just pull the plug.
if that ever happens, just pull the plug.
A black dog running through water.
A black dog is running through some water.
I've been searchingthe entire abbey for you.
I'm looking for you all over the abbey.
If he is good looking and has a good personality, he might be straight - but is more likely bisexual.
If he's good looking, and a good personality, he MIGHT be straight, but more likely bi.
She does not hate you, she is just annoyed with you.
She doesn't hate you, she is just annoyed.
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
No, I really didn't want New York to win.
No i didn't want New york to win
I hae no problems with them.
lol i have no problems with them.
Your parents do not have to like your boyfriend, you do.
your parents dont have to like your bf, you do.
I think Taylor is really cute, but I hate his voice.
I think Taylor is SUPER cute...but I hate his voice.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A pale dog runs down a path.
The four year old in your trunk.
The 4 Year old in your trunk
You might find out later, that you lost the perfect one.
u might find out later you lost the perfect one.
If she mentioned that she just wants to be friends, then it's too late.
If she has said she just wants to be friends it is already too late.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.
A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
Guys can be weird. I should know.
Guys can be wierd; I should know.
A brown dog is jumping.
A brown dog is jumping
Fritz Laband was a German footballer .
Fritz Laband is a former German football player .
Do not believe this guy for an instant.
Don't believe this guy for an instant.
Especially if you really like him and know he is shy.
especially if you really like him and know he's shy.
A man at a farmers market.
A man is at a farmers market.
The population was 517 at the 2000 census .
The population is 517 people as of 2000 .
Breathe deeply, make the most of the air.
take a deep breath, let the air flow in.
If you happen to see me before I return, please remind me to wait.
If you should see me before I get back...please ask me to wait.
Why have you not yet told them?
Why haven't you told them yet?
I'm more comfortable when it is raining.
i'm actually more comfortable when it's raining.
The Romans had a special kind of enclosure known as glirarium used to rear dormice for the table .
The Romans had a special place to keep dormice which was called a glirarium .
It's leo's and I don't like leo.
it's leo's.......... :( i hate leo.
Because Pittsburgh is wonderful and everyone wishes they could live there.
because pittsburgh is awesome and everyone wishes they lived there!
When I tried again, I was able to juggle.
When i went back to it, i was able to juggle!
Have you ever watched the movie "Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves"?
ever watched the movie 'Robin Hood; Prince of Thieves'?
i was kidding about the gilligans baby thing...promise!
I was kidding about the gilligants baby thing.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
I had a big breakthrough on that skirt I was working on.
I've made some progress with the skirt I'm working on.
The population was 127 at the 2000 census .
The population is 127 people as of 2000 .
Do not fall for a girl, rather, let girls fall for you.
P.S : Dont fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!
It was supposed to be such a great moment for me as a dad.
for me as a father, it should have been an amazing moment.
George , Eliza , and Harry have also obtained their freedom after crossing into Canada .
George , Eliza , and Harry have finally reached Canada and become free .
I've been a good boss, though, haven't I?
but I was a good boss, right?
We had a great time in Vegas!
We had a blast in Vegas!
It is sometimes referred to as the trunk .
Some people also call it the trunk .
Yes, I am a girl and I like video games.
and yes i am a girl who likes video games.
I have just learned that I am pregnant and I am blaming you.
I just found out I am pregnant and it is your fault!!!
It matters tremendously to you, this, doesn't it?
it's very important to you, isn't it?
John Schneider has aged gracefully, I loved him on the show 'Dukes of Hazzard!'
John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard!
Also, men mature later then women.
Also, men mature later than woman.
It makes it worse that no one will just say it.
it's just worse if nobody just says it.
Then, in twenty minutes, gather at the runway.
gathering on the runway, in 20 minutes.
It is still up in the air.
it is still a toss up..
Yes I remember that it was very good.
Yea I remember it..it was pretty good
If they ask for money, tell them no. No agent should be paid until you have received the work.
(if they ask for money, you say no.... no agent gets paid until you have gotten work.
And there are large numbers of these cells making up the nervous system.
the nervous system is comprised of a huge number of cells.
That song will be played by guys to their girl friends.
And guys will play that song for their girlfriend or something.
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
Croatia countdowns to joining EU
I enjoy when the Underdog wins.
I like when the underdog wins.
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
The study of these creatures has been my life's work.
I've spent my entire life studying these creatures.
The man is eating.
A man is eating food.
The blind man said, "I see," as he picked up his hammer and saw.
I see, said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
Greyhound does a good job at transporting people to different places.
Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go.
He kept the gun raised, and although it was shaking, it was still pointing in David's direction.
the gun was still pointed, and though his hand was trembling, he was aiming virtually permanently at David.
The number of my father's friends amazes me.
I'm surprised how many friends my father had.
I very much enjoy Billy Talent. They are one of my favorite groups.
I just love Billy Talent, they are one of my favourites.
Two women posing with a baby.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
Best of luck completing your task. If you get the answer right, you can earn 5 more points.
Good Luck and it would be worth another 5 points if you get your answer right?
Their address is: 47483 Conneticut Dr, Nashville.
they live on 47483 conneticuit drive in nashville
He claims to desire a pair of sunglasses.
He says he wants a pair of sunglasses!
Keep searching in different areas. There are decent, enjoyable women out there.
keep looking in different places, there are decent, fun, women out there...
I was supposed to go to the movies and go-kart racing on my prom night.
on my prom night i was supposed to go to the movies and go go kart racing!
Close up, the shale pieces looks rather lovely.
close-up pieces of shale look quite nice.
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
Not any more than any other female.
No more than any other girl !
I disagree, I love ER and Wildfire!
No, I love ER.. and Wildfire!
Coldplay is becoming popular really quickly.
coldplay is really coming up fast!
The sequel , Pikmin 2 , was released in 2004 .
Pikmin had a sequel called Pikmin 2 in 2004 for the GameCube as well .
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.
A man and woman are dancing in rain.
Jamun trees start flowering from March to April .
The Jamun tree starts flowering in March-April .
Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits .
Cottontail rabbits do not get the disease myxomatosis as easily as European rabbits .
Me and my friends used to love getting manicures.
my friends and I loved going out for a manicure.
The second answer was I just went to the toilet and I got a Tampax.
the 2nd answer was : i just went to the toilet and i got a tampax.
Bishan currently has 3 shopping centres .
Bishan has three shopping centers .
All right, who's ready for some banana-peanut butter pancakes?
okay, who wants banana pancakes with peanut butter?
I read somewhere, a new movie will be coming out 2008, or next year.
i read somewhere a new movie will be coming out next year or 2008.
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.
A woman measures another woman's ankle.
It might be genetic or he might like dark colored make-up on his nose.
maybe its genetic...or maybe he likes dark makeup on his nose!!!
I like Tess but Jessica is too much of a goody-goody!
I like Tess,Jessica is to goody goody!
Pittodrie Stadium is a football stadium situated in the Scottish city of Aberdeen .
Pittodrie Stadium is a stadium in Aberdeen , Scotland .
Do nt feel bad. My son is 31 and still single.
Dont feel bad, my son is 31 and still single.
A good website to resell your books is half.com.
half.com is a great website to sell your books!
Flowers, normally roses, and a box of candy.
flowers normally roses and a thing of candy!
I'm going to get you safely out of Rome.
I'll take you from Rome to safety.
Well, here's a slipknot site www.Pulseofthemaggots.com.
um well here is a slipknot site www.pulseofthemaggots.com !!
Your questions do not make any sence.
your questions dont make no sense!!!!!!
It depends, do you really want to meet him?
it depends if you really want to meet him.
The Flat Earth model is a view that the Earth 's shape is a flat plane .
The idea of a flat Earth is that the surface of the Earth is flat .
Fluoxetine is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor class .
Fluoxetine is a one of a group of antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
You already made your decision.
you already made your decision....it's over.
Amsterdam is just a load of bloody prostitutes, isn't it?
there's only a bunch of prostitutes in Amsterdam, right?
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
I like that song if it is the right song.
I LIKE THAT SONG IF IT'S THE RIGHT SONG ;)
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
Make yourself happy before anyone else!
Make urself happy before anyone else!
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Autograph also refers to a person 's signature .
An autograph can also mean someones signature .
Game Maker is a Windows computer program originally developed by Mark Overmars in the Delphi programming language .
Game Maker is a program for Windows - An operating system - which was made first by Mark Overmars .
No wonder Edward was reacting this way.
it was no surprise that Edward reacted like that.
I am not sure if you need saxophone or piano music.
Not sure if you needed sax or piano music, anyway.
Keifer performed well as Jack Bauer.
Yeah, Keifer does a great job as Jack Bauer!!
By 1850 , Strauss was calling himself Levi .
By 1850 he had adopted the name `` Levi Strauss '' .
Take him aside and tell him how you truly feel.
take him aside and tell him how u truly feel
Fred Hoyle is credited with coining the term Big Bang during a 1949 radio broadcast .
Fred Hoyle called the theory the `` Big Bang '' on his radio show .
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
I believe it could have been more dramatic.
I think it could have been more dramatic!
A minimum wage is the lowest hourly , daily or monthly wage that employers may legally pay to employees or workers .
The minimum wage is the least amount of money that employees of a business can be paid .
I'm black and found it funny.
I'm black and found it hilariously funny!!!
Artists ' brushes are usually given numbered sizes , although there is no exact standard for their physical dimensions .
Artists ' brushes usually have sizes with numbers , but there is no standard .
I don't know, sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is Breakaway.
i dunno sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is breakaway
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
You ought to begin your life anew.
you should start your life a new.
At the 2006 census , Euroa had a population of 2,776 .
In 2006 there were 2,776 people living in the town .
I had a lot of help from Jack Daniels.
Jack Daniels helped me a lot.
How can I go about winning her back?
How do i win her back?
The implementation of the Directive's provisions on sanctions against employers needs to be supported and monitored.
it will need to monitor and control the implementation of the Directive, which sets out penalties for employers.
Denkova & Staviski are the first Bulgarian figure skaters to medal at the World Figure Skating Championships .
Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarian skaters to win Worlds , which they did in 2006 and 2007 .
Xenon is the only element which has nine stable isotopes .
For example , xenon has 9 isotopes .
Seeing you is gonna make your grandmother very happy.
grandma will be happy to see you.
People like and desire the unattainable.
People like and want what they can't have.
Matthew McConaughey, and I am not even gay.
matthew mcchanughey.. and i aint even gay!
This year's search for bodies has produced twenty bodies.
twenty bodies have been found this year.
I have no clue as to why people are giving rude answers.
i don't know why all the people keep giving rude answers.
A gas station that costs$ 2.52 and nine-tenths a gallon.
A gas station name m&h with gas the price of$ 2.52.
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
I'm not accusing him of being anything but shrewd and ambitious, after all.
after all, I blame him nothing more than cunning and ambition.
The Asiatic Salamanders are primitive salamanders found all over Asia , and in European Russia .
The Asiatic Salamanders are a primitive kind of salamanders that can be found throughout Asia .
Wedding Crashers and the 40 year old virgin.
Wedding Crashers and 40 Year-Old Virgin.
You are the brother of Ragnar Lothbrok, are you not?
you're Ragnar Lothbrok's brother, aren't you?
To answer your question, any big city. Just ask a cab driver.
To answer your question, any big city.................just ask a cab driver.
We're already two million, two over the original budget.
we have exceeded the original budget by 2.2 million.
I would like to hear your side of the story.
i want to hear ur side
I wanted to see how people would react.
in because i wanted to see how people would react.
If you do not, there is a reason why you do no.
If you don't, is there a reason you don't.
People always want things that they cannot obtain.
People always want what they can't have.
Just looking at those pictures, it's got to be rough.
it must have been hard to examine the pictures.
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
To get over to the other side.
To get to the toher side
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
I do not know anything about her father
I dont know about her father.
Hamming can detect and correct single-bit errors and also can detect double-bit errors .
With hamming codes it is possible to correct one-bit errors , and to detect two-bit errors .
Living On A Prayer." Bon Jovi
Livin On A Prayer Bon Jovi
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
Ew, Bridgette's drinking from the milk carton.
phew Bridgette drinks milk right out of the box.
I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
I look forward to reading the rest in this series.
Using the "Just Say No" motto depends on the circumstances.
Just say No Depends what you're saying no to.
This book was a lot of fun.
** spoiler alert ** This was a really fun book.
I had a nervous stomach because he frightened me.
I had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me.
I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.
If you can't handle it, wait until you are mature enough.
This shall also include a management plan for the sewage sludge.
the waste sludge management plan is also included.
Around 12 AM , the plant released methyl isocyanate gas and other toxins , resulting in the exposure of over 500,000 people .
On 3 December 1984 , the plant released 42 tonnes of toxic methyl isocyanate gas , exposing more than 500,000 people to toxic gases .
You need to get an agent and make sure you get paid before paying anyone else.
Get an agent...and don't pay anyone until you get paid.
If you know the third 1/18; please share it with me!
if you know the third 1/18, PLEASE share with me!!!
Often, the nervous system collapses after that type of humiliation.
after such humiliation, the nervous system will collapse.
Dude, you gotta hook me up with a new phone.
man, I need a new phone from you.
It is not easy, but it is well worth it.
Definately is not easy, but is well worth it!
Raimond Aumann was a German footballer .
Raimond Aumann is a former German football player .
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
The answer is because you enjoy being in the presence of that person.
THE ANSWER IS B'CUZ YOU FEEL GOOD HAVING THAT PERSON WITH YOU.
It's funny and zany in a way that only Terry Pratchett can be.
Clever and wonderful, as only Terry Pratchett can be.
I like Sinatra for classical performances and Buble for revivals.
Sinatra for classics and Buble for revivals...
It's like, gross, yet oddly delicious.
it's disgusting, but at the same time, weirdly tasty.
You are aware of the curfew, I presume.
I assume you know about the curfew.
The first time I gazed upon his green eyes!
the first time I saw his green eyes!
They are neither taxes nor public prices.
it is not a tax or public price.
I said, "Okay, you two, take off.
fine, you two get out of here now," I told them.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Would you like to see a movie with me on Friday?
i was wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on friday?
Sandro Salvadore was an Italian footballer .
Sandro Salvadore is a former Italian football player .
The Assembly set the end of its term for 29 September 1791 .
The National Assembly decided that it would stop governing France on 29 September 1791 .
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Adhesive tape can be one of many varieties of backing materials coated with an adhesive .
Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive and used to stick objects together .
It is also the subject of a documentary , Satanis .
A whole documentary , Satanis was also made about it in 1970 .
It's a five-year lease, 50 grand a month... ....my name on it.
we have a mortgage, five more years... 50,000 a month.
It does not matter whether the woman admits to liking you or not.
It doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes u or not.
I can't wait to read the next one in the series.
Can't wait to read the next one.
I didn't even have a pet as a child.
we didn't have an animal when I was a kid.
The dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted by your doctor.
your doctor may need to adjust your medication.
I loved it and it was a really good movie.
i loved it is was a realy good movie.
A person folds a tortilla.
A man folds a tortilla.
You are too young to date or be in love.
To young to date or be in love!
Why not stop talking and get a life.
How about not talking and getting a life !
At the 2006 census , Eugowra had a population of 535 .
In 2006 , 535 people lived in Eugowra .
A stronghold is a strongly fortified defensive structure .
Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place .
That is the key, and the rest will follow.
all the rest will follow soon.
All right, I've got the talking pillow now.
okay, now I have a talking pillow.
I can not see it myself, but I have had quite a few people say it now.
I can't see it myself but i've had quite a few people say it now.
No, I apologize; all I know is that it was a good movie.
no, sry, all i know was that it was a good movie
One important piece of advice: do not have a friend do it.
One thing, don't have a friend do it.
One is dead and the other is from a different time period.
hmmmm ones dead and the others from a different time period?
At the time , Oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .
Oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional American football team .
You try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.
you just try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.
It is up to your boyfriend to tell her.
Your bf should be the on telling her.
I'll talk to the son of a- Foyle!
I want to talk to this son-of-a-Foyle!
The orchestra 's reputation increased most prominently during the music directorship of Serge Koussevitzky .
Serge Koussevitzky was their conductor for many years and made them a world-class orchestra .
I definitely believe that there is a 'special someone' for everyone!
I think their is a 'special someone' for everyone!
Born in Vienna , Schidlof fled Austria for England following the Nazi Anschluss in 1938 .
Schidlof was born in Vienna , but had to leave Austria when the Nazis came .
Pachycephalosaurus is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur .
Pachycephalosaurus was a member of the Pachycephalosaurid family .
My number is lost. May I have yours?
lost my number,can i get yours!
Its county seat is Clarksdale .
It 's capital is Clarksdale .
I do not think it matters what your race is.
i dont think it matters if your white, black, purple, yellow, etc.
That is just as I should hope, Mr Tulkinghorn.
that's what I'm hoping for, Mr. Tulkinghorne.
He's got the ball. He's going on the run.
he got the ball and he's running.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
This book could have been written better, but it's still nothing to complain about.
So even though the book didn't really "wow" me, I still enjoyed reading it.
I suggest you watch all of it again.
why don't you watch it all over again.
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
The Doctor's got them back in their quarters already.
the doctor had already sent them to his quarters.
To borrow a phrase from Holden Caufield, "phonies".
Taking a word from Holden Caulfield here...Phonies
It becomes visible when it breathes fire.
when he's spitting fire, then you can see it.
At the 2006 census , Beveridge and the surrounding area had a population of 1,192 .
In 2006 there were 1,192 people living in Beveridge and the local area .
I really don't know; it's a random guess.
i dono jus a random guess
Charlotte Eagles is an American professional soccer team based in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte , North Carolina .
The village suffered major congestion until the bypass was built in the 1960s .
In the 1960 's a bypass was built to go around the village .
So come to New York right away, Mark. Please, do it for me.
Mark, if you care about me a little, come to New York.
Drusilla Jane "DJ" Jaco is a deputy sentinel of New Orleans.
DJ is employed as the deputy sentinel of New Orleans.
He leads the Ranger team we're sending in.
he's leading the Rangers team going there.
Similar to how I alphabetize my CD collection, certain things have to be done in a particular way.
Like I alphabetize my CD collection and certain things have to be just so.
The only thing that you can tell by his looks, is that he is hot amd that you want him!
the only thing you can tell by looking at him is if hes hot and you want him!!!!
@realDonaldTrump I hope and pray you get the nomination. America needs a man with a backbone! And one that can't be bought!
@realDonaldTrump Stay the course! You can win! The USA needs your leadership and competence!
He would have wanted you to have this, honey.
he'd want you to have it, darling.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Give Palmela and her five sisters a phone call.
Call up Palmela and her five sisters.
If you make her feel comfortable, then she will like you.
So u make her feel comfortable then she will like u.
Then you can call anywhere you want.
then presto you can call anywhere you want.
I think it is called After Dark by Tito and Tarantula.
I think it is After Dark - Tito & Tarantula.
Be yourself, show them you care for them.
be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them.
All in all this is a wonderful book.
I found myself smiling through out the whole book, and not many books can do that for me.
The name was originally used in reference to pesos oro or pesos plata .
The name comes from the spanish words pesos oro or pesos plata .
Just tell them you are sorry and leave with the other people.
just say srry and go off with some other ppl.
Invite her to your home and watch a pornographic movie together.
invite her over and pop in a porno
Tomorrow night, we're actually, seriously, throwing a party, if you wanna come.
seriously, we're having a party tomorrow night.
Hey, guys, um, there's pizza in there if you want some.
if you want, there's pizza inside.
It is just not what I am interested in.
it's just not my cup of tea
To retrieve lines, I suggest you go to www.rapbattles.com.
go to www.rapbattles.com that is a good website to get lines
Rachel, on the other hand... I don't know.
on the other side, I'm not so sure about Rachel.
People may engage in oral sex as part of foreplay before sexual intercourse , or during or following intercourse .
Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse , but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse .
Who's to say it could not be bought by someone else?
who knows that someone else hasn't bought it?
Just say, "I just want to now! Do you like me as a friend, or something more?
just say i just want to now!Do u like me as a friend or something more?
Frank Gardiner An Australia bushranger of the 19th century .
Frank Gardiner was a famous Australian bushranger .
He's had a heart attack... fairly minor, but a heart attack nevertheless.
it was small, but it was a heart attack.
Excuse me, but perhaps you misunderstand me.
I'm sorry, but I don't think you understood me.
The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle every time, lol.
:) The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle, everytime.
that's my two cents any way.
But that is just my two cents!
Is your girlfriend there permanently?
But is your girlfriend there to stay?
Non-inferiority to sevelamer carbonate was determined at week 12.
in week 12, non-inferiority was found against sevelamer-carbonate.
There is nothing good about seeing people die.
there is nothing cool in seeing people dying.
The population was 641 at the 2000 census .
In 2000 , 641 lived there .
That does not sound to me like what she would do if she had utterly deserted me.
I don't think that's what she'd do if she wanted to leave me altogether.
How should I get recognized?
how the heck should i get recognized?
Andrea is independently wealthy due to a fat divorce settlement.
after the divorce settlement, Andrea is independent and rich.
Additionally, be sure not to apply it too heavily. That is where many people make an error - by adding too much yeast.
Oh, and don't absolutely slather it on...thats where lots of people make their mistake...too much yeast!
A small white dog climbs over a log.
a small dog steps onto a log.
I recommend that you and three friends who are women book an on-line cruise, because you will enjoy it.
So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise...you will love it!
Suddenly, the interference eased off, and a voice could be heard above the noise.
all of a sudden the noise dropped, and everyone heard a human voice.
He is a multi-instrumentalist and plays bass , guitar , keyboards , and sings .
He can play bass , guitar , keyboards , and can sing .
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event first held by the original Extreme Championship Wrestling in 1995 as a non-televised supercard .
It suddenly hit me just how wrong this was.
I was suddenly thinking how bad it was.
However, that had already been said.
But that had already been said.
This format was adopted by European circuses at the turn of the 20th century .
During most of the 20th century this is what circuses were mostly like .
Since 2003 , Red Hat has discontinued the Red Hat Linux line in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux for enterprise environments .
Red Hat then decided to discontinue a future release of Red Hat Linux and started the paid Red Hat Enterprise Linux instead .
And now that you're together, it's just so great.
it's great that you guys are together.
Though at $300 an hour,they don't come cheap.
they pay them 300 bucks an hour, they're not the cheapest.
A boarding school is when the pupils sleep , eat and work in or near the school grounds .
A boarding school is a school where the students live and sleep at the school while going to their classes .
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
Glove box is the first place they check.
they look in the glove compartment first.
Similarly , katakana is usually used for country names , foreign places , and personal names .
Katakana is used to write words which have been borrowed from other languages , or to write foreign names and names of countries .
It was something my husband and I talked about.
we have often talked about such things with my husband.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
A strut bar is designed to reduce this strut tower flex by tying two parallel strut towers together .
A strut bar or strut brace is to prevent body roll by bracing the top of the strut towers together .
'Trayvon could have been me'
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
We are not boring. Trust me.
: ) We're not boring...trust me.
The Wyngari are suffering a food shortage on their world.
the Wyngar world is suffering from a lack of food.
Perdita is an inner satellite of Uranus .
Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus .
Belinda is an inner satellite of the planet Uranus .
Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus .
It was a good story.
i thought it was a good story.
Allsvenskan is the highest league in the league system of Swedish football .
Allsvenskan is a football league which is top division in Sweden .
The Buzz on Maggie is the second Disney Channel Original Series to be canceled after one season .
The Buzz on Maggie is a Disney Channel television series about a fly named Maggie .
It's just my friend Brit and I have this highly competitive relationship.
Jen, I've got a very competitive relationship with my friend Brit.
The movie that I saw earlier is quiet weird at first but then it got funnier toward the middle.
I just saw that movie today is kinda weir at first than it gets funny towards the middle
I am making a big personal sacrifice to give you this information.
by giving you the information, I'm taking a considerable personal sacrifice.
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Stocks close 0.39% higher
Stocks close 2.47% higher
For more details please refer to the Guidelines for applicants.
further details can be found in the guidance for the applicant.
The mess is between the two of them.
after all, the mess is between the two of them.
Ireland , described as the Republic of Ireland , is a country in northwestern Europe .
The country is sometimes called the Republic of Ireland but Ireland is its official name .
Opium is the dried latex obtained from opium poppies .
Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies .
Hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear?
Hold hands, snuggle, give her kisses, and hug her tightly.
Put the truck in reverse a little bit.
Back up the truck a bit.
Mick Thomson was brought in to fill the open position on guitar .
Mick Thomson then joined the band to be the new guitarist .
The police there had a near miss with Escanso last night.
police yesterday narrowly missed the Escansa.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
I enjoyed this second installment of the Love At Stake series, maybe a little more than the first.
The second book in the Love at Stake series is hugely entertaining and so much fun!
All right, well, how do you feel about the Navy?
okay, so what are your feelings for the Navy?
I need more help buddy.
Hmm... need more help there buddy.
A music stand is a device that holds sheet music in a position that allows the performer to read it while performing .
A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
he's a tribal leader of the lbs, Captain.
Captain, this man is the lbo tribal leader.
Sometimes, you may stay hard for too long.
sometimes u will stay hard for to long.
You figure this out all by yourself, did you?
did you find all this on your own?
The following names will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2010 .
These are the names that may get used in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season .
Stay calm and things should go smoothly
just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly.
Lenzburg has a total workforce of around 6,000 .
About 6,000 people work in Lenzburg .
There is no blood relation, so it is not like he is your blood brother.
well theres no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother
Judy's alone on Saturday, let's make sure Judy comes.
Judy is on Saturday alone, we have to get Judy to come.
The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips .
They are rivals with the Crips , another street gang .
As of 2000 its population was 500,265 .
New Castle County had 500,265 people in 2000 .
It is great! Take a look at my question.
it rocks take a look at my question
So that's a million, and that's a million, and I'll get a calculator out for this one right here.
this is a million, and so is this, for an exact calculation to take out my calculator.
Another awesomely funny tale from Molly Harper.
This is another wickedly amusing paranormal romance by Molly Harper.
I cannot wait to read the next book!
I cannot wait to read the second book!!
This is one of my new favorite series.
Definitely one of my new favourite series!
The work is composed of 114 sayings .
There are 114 sayings in the text .
Once a man is unfaithful, they will always be unfaithful.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Desdemona is an inner satellite of Uranus .
Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus .
He is a great player, though I am a Lions fan and prefer Brett Favre.
He is a dream player...I am a Lions fan and OMG give us Brett Favre!
Sake is also referred to in English as rice wine .
Sake is also called `` rice wine '' .
well u can try some p2p softwares like limewire .
use some good p2p softwares like warez or limewire
Brother, that is the sound of you being amazing!
Brother, that is the sound of YOU ROCKING!
The baby laughed in his car seat.
A baby is laughing.
If the first question is answered in the affirmative:
If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:
Defibrillation is the definitive treatment for the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
Defibrillation is the act of defibrillating the heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
The population was 4,871 at the 2000 census .
In 2000 , 4,871 people lived there .
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Possibly it is similar to flying - you throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Maybe it's like flying...you throw yourself at the ground and miss.
That made perfect sense, from a legal perspective.
in legal terms, it makes perfect sense.
On the left side, below the big squares, I wish you luck.
(left side, below the big squares) *Good Luck*
I missed it as well because I was working.
I was working, so I missed it too.
If he does not respond accordingly, continue to pursue someone else.
if he doesnt respond well then so what, you can find someone else
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.
I can let your imagination fill in the rest.
and I'll leave the rest to your imagination.
The president of your country is going to be murdered in 24 hours.
within 24 hours he will assassinate your president.
The basis of Journalism 101 taught on the first day is "if it bleeds, it leads," which is unfortunately true.
journalism 101--first day if it bleeds, it leads sad, but true
No, of course not, but if your husband or wife caught you then it is.
No ofcourse, But if your husband/wife caught you then it is.. lol
Aside from people such as George Bush and Tony Blair who possess the ability to destroy the planet using nuclear weapons.
apart from people like Tony Blair & George Bush hu kill the planet best with nuclear wepons etc...!
I have to go and get my shoulder blades worked on, we will talk soon.
Now..........I have to go have my shoulder blades worked on.......we'll talk soon.
Two championships, three all-star wins, seven straight feature wins.
2 championship, 3 All-Stars victory, 7 straight wins.
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
He is married to Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .
His second wife was the Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .
Seeing as he saw everything-without seeming to see Astinus watched the black-robed figure's hands clench.
since Astinus saw everything without having to look, he noticed the black figure clutched in his fist.
Pi Day and Pi Approximation Day are two holidays held to celebrate the mathematical constant pi .
Pi Day or Pie Approximation Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi .
You have something belonging to france And I'm here to collect it.
I'm here for something that belongs to France.
A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised.
A man surfing on a white surfboard wearing specialized clothing.
It's going to happen, young jock.
young jock - its going down.
Well, should I stay or should I leave then?
do you want me to stay or should I go?
I find this amusing as a music loving person would never do such a thing.
LOL A music lover would NEVER do something like that.
The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .
And binary fission is where a cell splits in two .
Christina Augulira, if that's how you spell it?
cristina augulira(think thats how u spell it)
They appear in Africa in the upper Miocene and only relatively recently in Asia .
They have been found to have been in Africa in the upper Miocene .
Entertainment is not necessarily fair.
nobody said entertainment has to be fair
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
The term peafowl can refer to the two species of bird in the genus Pavo of the pheasant family , Phasianidae .
A peafowl is a kind of bird of the Phasianidae family this means it is a relative of the pheasant .
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
In jackal society social unit is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs .
Jackals are monogamous , and a pair defends its territory from other pairs .
The accumulation could become downright embarrassing, over a long enough time-span.
in a long enough time, he could accumulate quite an embarrassing amount.
there is still a need to improve the management of public finances.
It is essential to guarantee sustainable public finances.
You've a strange way of showing gratitude.
you express your gratitude in a peculiar way.
Hannah Dakota Fanning , better known simply as Dakota Fanning , is an American teen actress .
Dakota Fanning is an American child actress , most famous for her starring role in the movie Dreamer .
We like 24 and Lost because it is action-packed.
Same reason we like 24 and Lost: FULL OF ACTION!
I love Molly Harper's Half Moon Hollow books.
I love reading Molly Harper's books.
The ashes in your grave are those of Agustina's mother?
so is Agustina's mother in the grave?
The summer of Adam Shipley's sabbatical from Andover.
Adam Shipley took a sabbatical in the summer.
Very good question, I am waiting for answers.
I am waiting for some helpful answers from anyone.
Leto was the titan goddess of being unseen .
Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology .
Six Flags has the best rides.
it is Six flags because they have the best rids!
It is my cousins, with whom I live.
my cousins with who I live
The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is the name of the bloc of political parties in Ukraine led by Yulia Tymoshenko .
The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is a Ukrainian electoral alliance led by the politician Yulia Tymoshenko , current Prime Minister of Ukraine .
You need to act. Good luck.
U NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.GOOD LUCK.
Coming uphill, slowly, those things would stop a tank.
at a slow climb up the slope, a tank will stop.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
Let the others do all the yelling and screaming.
leave the shouting to the others.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
From then on , Palahniuk 's later books would often meet with similar success .
After that , Palahniuk 's later books would mostly have the same success .
Chuuk is the most populous of the FSM 's states .
Chuuk has more people than any of the other FSM states .
Why did you not simply look it up on the internet?
Why didn't you just look that up?
Aren't there enough problems in this world already?
are there not enough problems with this world?
I used to read the book often and I was overjoyed when my mother purchased the film.
I always used to read the book, and I was so happy when my mom bought the movie.
We will aid your safe entry into the palace.
we'll help you get to the palace safely.
In actuality I find little in my prior experience to assist me in this.
actually, it seems to me that I have little prior experience.
Ask him if he has someone and if he says no, then you should ask him out.
Ask him if he have someone and if he say no then ask him out.
Okay, well first off, do not ever be nervous around her, even if she things it is adorable.
Okay well first off don't ever be nervous around her, even if she thinks it's adorable.
The dressing on this salad was traditionally Thousand Island dressing , although today it may be served with other dressings .
Chef salad is usually topped with Thousand Island dressing , but can be served with any type of dressing .
The new rings bring the total number of Uranian rings to 13 .
As of 2010 people knows that the Uranian ring system have 13 rings .
How do I get my five years back?
who's gonna bring me back five years?
After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.
I am a participant in cultural interaction, and I wish to incorporate it into my marriage.
The museum is located immediately south of the Calgary International Airport .
The museum , founded in 1975 , is near the Calgary Airport .
My own car has been broken into three times in this parking lot. You have done nothing.
three times they broke into my car three times, and you didn't do anything.
A fresh start on a brand new world!
a new beginning on a new planet.
pictures as well as create a Suunto Movie of the move using Suunto Movescount App.
to add the images and using your Suunto Movescount, you can also create a video Suunto Movie.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
That is just my two cents!
See List of compositions by Germaine Tailleferre .
Germaine Tailleferre was a French composer .
If you really love this one, you should tell her the truth, that you have been fornicating with two others.
if you really love one of them, tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too.
I mean, it's great to stay intact with your inner child, but this is pathetic.
i mean its great to stay intact with your inner child but this is patheitc.
From earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Universe to universe, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
The British Rail Class 317 alternating current electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches , from 1981-82 and 1985-87 .
The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches in 1987 - 88 and 1990 .
For years, I have been just a friend of hers.
I've only been her friend for years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
I'm still trying to find out, so if you find out first, please let me know.
Im still trying to find that out for myself if you find out tell me!
The second the in the Sookie Stackhouse series, "Living Dead in Dallas" is a great book!
I finished the second Sookie Stackhouse novel, Living Dead in Dallas by Charlaine Harris this afternoon.
I'm not liking what I'm not hearing.
Gunn, I don't like what I don't hear.
This plug-in has no properties that you can set.
unable to set any properties of this plug-in.
Regardless of what happens you should be happy.
:) You should be happy regardless.
Three men stand at a bar with drinks.
Three people drinking and having a good time.
I am not certain whether he feels "good riddance," or whether he still portrays affection for me.
im not sure whether he feels 'good riddance' or whether he still cares for me.
She considered for a few moments before answering.
before she answered me, she thought about it for a moment.
He heard about Cayce 's condition and offered to attempt a cure .
He heard that Cayce was sick and asked if he could try to cure him .
It is because of the way the man says "S". It makes me uncomfortable.
it's because of how the guy says his ss....uggghhh, it makes me cringe.
Forming from an extratropical storm , Peter was initially a subtropical storm with minimal convection near its center .
It formed from an extratropical storm , and at first , it was a subtropical cyclone .
Reychel has been a slave for her entire life.
Plot: Reychel has been a slave to her master, Kandek, all her life.
I feel sad watching the others play without you.It
It's just so sad to see others able to play and not you!
Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm
Judas Priest Turbo Lover has just the right rhythm and sound for the occasion.
Judas Priest Turbo Lover, has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
The narratives have substantial persistence in that they affect our views.
in influencing our opinions, this narrative demonstrates considerable persistence.
You may be getting taken advantage of no matter what you do.
pretty much ur getting ripped off no matter what
Awesome story with Jeff and Fallon!
If you love Fallon and Jeff you've got to read this.
Benzylpiperazine is a recreational drug with euphoric , stimulant properties .
Benzylpiperazine , commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug .
However , the civil rights movement was met with protests from loyalist counter-demonstrators .
Instead of leading to change , the civil rights movement there were protests counter-demonstrators called Loyalists .
I will review the script.
sure i will read ur film script!
By waiting it out, it will all work out in the end.
it'll be ok. just wait it out.
In a hard situation, best of luck.
Best of luck - not an easy situation.
Treasury's long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
French forces take key Mali town
French forces seize key town
soon the rains will come, heavy, thick, and blinding.
we expect great clouds and heavy rains at night.
She is coming, rustled the Everwood leaves.
She is coming, whistled the Everwood winds.
I am convinced that you will have a girl.
It definitely will be a girl for sure!
I loved this short story - wish it were longer!
It was a quick read and part of me wished that it would go on a little longer.
As Ginger stated: when you are smart and successful, you can have anything you desire. Well, almost anything.
Like Ginger said when u're smart and successful u can hav anything u want(almost anything)
Tell her what your hopes and dream are for both of you in the futures.
Tell her what your hopes and dreams are for the two of you in the future.
The Empire of Nicaea succeeded in capturing Constantinople and the rest of the Latin Empire , thus re-establishing the Byzantine Empire .
The Empire of Nicaea took control of Constantinople and also the Latin Empire so it again became the Byzantine Empire .
Okay, I... I am gonna handle this like a lady.
OK, I'll deal with it as a lady.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
A man stares out a window.
A man looks out the window.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
My best friend and I conected instantly.
but me and my best friend... it was like instantly
He attended Detroit public schools and graduated from Swarthmore College in 1956 and from Harvard Law School in 1959 .
He went to college at Swarthmore College , and he got his law degree from Harvard University .
when u think ur mature enough to handle the drama that comes along with gettin involove with a guy!
Not as good as Fablehaven, but a good kids' read.
Not as good as Fablehaven but still an entertaining book
There is no promise you make that I can trust.
I can't count on your promise.
It is a bit of an empty space out there.
the space is a little empty.
You know, you have the most beautiful hair I've ever seen.
I've never seen such beautiful hair.
That last answer should help, not that one, the one above it.
yep, the last answer should work :) no, not that one, the one above it :)
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
I have insurance against kidnapping 10 million.
I'm insured for a 10 million kidnapping case.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
He's making fools of us by not showing up.
by the fact he hasn't shown up, he makes us fools.
But the answer's always gonna be the same.
and the answer is still the same.
Real Zaragoza was originally formed out of two rival teams : Iberia SC and Real Zaragoza CD .
It was established in 1932 when Zaragoza CD and Iberia FC join to create Real Zaragoza .
There is now an urgent need to rebalance growth and to rebuild competitiveness.
a new balance of growth and resumption of competitiveness is now urgently needed.
We go to have 3 harvests to the year instead of one.
instead of one harvest in a year, they will have three.
A girl is communicating with sign language.
A young girl is using sign language.
So good to have more adventures with Hadrian and Royce.
Another great book with Hadrian and Royce!
I will need and picture and information first, such as who you are.
i need pic first and info who are you?
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever.
And Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever!!!!!OMG!!!!!
One shouldn't date at 12 years old.
12 year olds shouldn't be dating.
Be amicable until the situation improves, since you do not want to end it prematurely.
just be nice until things get better---u dont want to call it off too soon
Why do they say that liberal homosexuals like Barbara Streisand?
why are liberal homos suppose to like a barbra streisand??
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Abby Cooper is a clairvoyant who describes herself as "vanilla ice cream - good enough but bland.
In the Royal Oak suburb of Detroit, thirtysomething Abby Cooper lives a life that's kind of like vanilla ice cream--good enough, but a little bland.
Queen to name biggest ever carrier
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
I would love to hear Eyes on Me by Faye Wong, please put it on.
Eyes on Me, Faye Wong, now!
She sometimes photoshops her pictures, but not always.
sometimes her pics are photoshopped, sometimes not hehe
I got away, it let go of me.
it's not holding me anymore, it's letting me go.
Let's let this play out in court.
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
It was written by all band members prior to their debut album , Silent Alarm .
In February 2005 , the band released their debut album Silent Alarm .
analysis of the acionens effectiitet og produitet 3.4.4.
analysis of apropos effectiitet og produitet 3.8.4.
It's a digital image. It came with the painting.
a digital photo that was in the picture.
Can't wait till next year for the 3rd Book " Of Neptune " Wiiii :)
You've done your work well, " the man said.
you did a good job," he said.
The man began a count, 1 and 2, then suddenly let out an "ARR" shrieking sound.
So the man starts 1....2... ARRRRRR he screams.
A little cute girl in a white dress is revealing her presents.
A little girl unwrapping her birthday gift, in a white dress at home.
Yes he is, especially if she demands him to stop and he continues.
2. yes he is especialy if she asks him to stop and he does not.
Outlook Express was not shutdown properly the last time it was used.
your last use was not correctly terminated by Outlook Express.
On September 1 , 1939 , Germany and Slovakia a client state in 1939 attacked Poland .
World War II began on September 1 , 1939 , as Germany invaded Poland .
A text editor is a type of program used for editing plain text files .
A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text .
Siloam Springs is made up of Siloam Springs , Arkansas , and West Siloam Springs , Oklahoma .
Siloam Springs is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Black train on train tracks.
A train on the train tracks.
Oh, I'm good with the living room couch.
I'll sleep on the couch in the living room.
The degree to which a person is overweight is generally described by Body Mass Index .
To find out if a person is overweight , you can calculate their body mass index .
did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
When you fell, was it from Heaven or what?
His appearance is improved by the addition of blond-colored hair and he possesses an attractive posterior!
He looks better with blond hair and he has a cute butt!!!
It is a big world out there and you just need to jump back in there!
It's a big world out there and it's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before!
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.
A male soccer player kicks the soccer ball with his right foot.
You deserve someone who sees the potential in you.
If she can't see what a wonderful person you are, then she is not the one for you...
No reports of damage or casualties have been received .
There was no damage or casualties as Blanca 's impact was generally minimal .
Guitar Hero : Metallica is a music video game developed by Neversoft and distributed by Activision .
Guitar Hero : Metallica is an upcoming rhythm game being made by Neversoft with other help from Activision .
I used to watch that show all the time!
I use to watch ALL the time, loved that show!
He was often critical to the success of the side of Carthage over Rome .
Many times he was important in Carthage 's successes over Rome .
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
Instead , Snape kills Dumbledore .
Snape comes up and kills Dumbledore .
I believe that you could earn some decent money for them on Ebay. Apologies that I was unable to answer your question.
I bet you could get a pretty penny for them on Ebay... (sorry I didn't answer your question)
The ingredients of traditional soda bread are flour , bread soda , salt , and buttermilk .
In its most basic form it contains only four ingredients ; flour , salt , baking soda , and buttermilk .
Athabasca would have been roused from his bed.
they probably hauled Athabase out of bed.
You must develop trust by learning about her, and then you can develop a relationship.
if u want a relationship with her then u have to get to know her...thats where trust comes in.
No suspects are in custody, as investigation at the scene... continues.
there are no suspects yet, investigations are continuing.
A smaller station served Parkes Racecourse between 1923 and 1937 .
There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937 .
In 2005 its population was estimated to be 67,232 .
It was guessed that there were 67,232 people in Palatine in 2005 .
I think Spongebob is hilarious, so does my 30 year old brother, he watches it all of the time.
spongebob is so funny my 30 year brother still watches it and all of the episodes r soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo funny
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
I've summoned a pair of friends who can help
I called for some friends -
I got witnesses that say the boy was laying hands on those people when they died.
I have a witness who says they died when the kid put his hands on them.
The shop window was smashed from outside.
someone on the outside broke a window window.
Chemically dissociated into harmless components, I heard.
I've heard it should be chemically split into innocuous elements.
This category covers articles about primates as individual species or groups .
These articles are about primates , the animals of the order Primates .
stop asking where to steal music, go buy it!
Purchase music and stop inquiring of places to steal it from.
Elvira is convinced and descends to the street .
Elvira comes down to the street .
However , many tornadoes are preceded by a funnel cloud .
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
I've got a magical cloak of protection.
I have a magic cloak that protects me like armor!
I was able to locate this site.
You should be able to locate it.
It is served by London Overground , London Midland , Southern and London Underground Bakerloo Line services .
Barking station is a railway station served by National Rail , London Underground and London Overground services .
Try to get areas, or limewire. Things like that are free.
You can get it free on limewire
You can go to www.bearshare.com to teach for and download songs.
A website you might like to find and download music is www.bearshare.com.
I like Kelly Clarkson the best.
i like both but i would have to pick kelly clarkson
Windows XP Tablet PC Edition is designed to run stylus applications built using the Tablet PC platform .
Another special version of XP is called the Tablet PC Edition , for pen-based laptops .
the Authority shall adopt the budget of the Office.
the Management Board shall adopt the budget.
The best website to download music is www.bearshare.com
They're not gonna tell us anything, are they?
they didn't tell us everything, did they?
It's never been wrong for a woman to talk to a man.
Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk tp a guy.
It won't work with your telephone line.
your telephone line will not support it
Get every known answer to man.
to,and get every known answewr to man.
Wayne Gretzky won the Art Ross Trophy 10 times during his 20-year NHL career .
Wayne Gretzky has won this trophy ten times , the most of any player .
a young person with short dark hair is playing a piano
A dark-haired boy in a brown jacket is playing on a shiny piano.
In some flowers with superior ovaries , the base of the stamens , petals and sepals are fused into a floral tube or hypanthium .
In some species , the other floral parts are fused to form a cup called a floral tube or hypanthium .
A man does floor exercises.
A man is exercising.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
So, Gray's been through a few assistants, huh?
so, Gray had a couple of assists, right?
Each profile is personalized for a particular student , with content and software for each pupil .
All of them are personalized and full of contents and educational software for every pupil .
This is a fantastic way to end this series.
What a great ending to a fantastic series!
Dehydrated and frozen mashed potatoes are also available in many American or European countries .
Dehydrated instant mashed potato mixes are available in many different flavors .
Mike Dirnt is an American musician who is currently the bassist and backing vocalist for the American punk rock band Green Day .
Mike Dirnt is the bass guitar player from the punk rock band Green Day , he also sings back up vocals .
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
At first, I was extremely interested in reading this book because of how much I enjoyed Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl.
I'd highly recommend this book especially if you've already read "Fangirl".
Don't be crazy, Tommy, you don't wanna get hanged.
come on, Tommy, you don't want to be hung.
I wouldn't not be the appropriate person to give that advice, I am a virgin.
and anyway, im not the person to ask im a virgin.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
Remember, there are plenty more fish in the sea.
The population was 16,461 at the 2000 census .
In 2000 , 16,461 people lived in Aberdeen .
Portia is an inner satellite of Uranus .
Portia is a closer moon to Uranus .
The population was 1,001 at the 2000 census .
1,001 people were living in Strum as of the 2000 census .
I said, "Yeah." The guys said,"How was it?" I said, "Great.
and I'm like, "Sure." And they go, "What was that like?" I'm like, "Fantastic.
Giuseppe Dossena is an Italian football manager and former player .
Giuseppe Galderisi is an Italian former football forward and manager .
Now, before you judge the book for this, I was given a copy to review in exchange for an honest review.
I was sent this book by the author for and honest review, so thank you so much, Stormy!
This is the most decent among Yu Ri's clothing.
according to Yu Ri, this dress is the best.
They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich .
The home stadium of the club is Portman Road .
The other sub-field is quantum mechanics .
The two parts are classical mechanics and quantum mechanics .
Whatever is gonna happen is gonna happen, no matter what.
what's going to happen is anyway.
I do not know the best web search terms to find what you're looking for.
I do not know the best one try to google that hun!
that trading connections can expand across the Mediterranean region.
the trade links could be extended to the entire Mediterranean.
The thermal blanket's not big enough for the three of us.
for three, the heat blanket isn't big enough.
Permits are required to keep Bald Eagles in captivity in the United States .
To keep Bald Eagles in captivity , the workers must be experienced in caring for eagles .
A woman in a white shirt and a skirt is singing into a microphone.
Blond female sings into a microphone while her dancers perform behind her.
It depends on whether or not the guy is nice.
it really depends on the guy - what kind of a person is he, is he nice, est.
People are shopping at a busy fruit market.
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
Since 2002 , its principal conductor is Sir Simon Rattle .
The conductor of the orchestra is Sir Simon Rattle .
And, well, in the middle of her 700th lap, ..this embolism popped in her brain and she dropped dead.
well, she got a brain embolism in the mid-seat pool, and she was dead at the scene.
After Item 4.1.3 (now 4.1.2) a new Item 4.1.3 shall be incorporated as follows: "4.1.3.
the following point shall be inserted after point 4.1.3 (now paragraph 4.1.2):
Johannes Plott left his native Germany and came to this country in 1750 .
In 1750 , two brothers called Plott left Germany to live in America .
Well, it must be nice to be queen. Queen?
being queen must be a great feeling.
In conclusion, Braineater Jones is a great novel.
Braineater Jones is one of the most original, at times hilarious, at times depressing, books I've read in a long while.
They also performed with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter on many occasions .
The quartet often played piano quintets with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter .
The population was 1,037 at the 2000 census .
1,037 people were living in Poygan as of the 2000 census .
I've seen it on TV. Clinton is there with his girl
I saw Clinton and his girl on TV.
That is why we are all here answering queries.
yes but thats why we are all here answering questions.
Carly Rae Patterson is a singer and former gymnast .
Carly Rae Patterson used to be an American gymnast .
I promise you I've never seen that before.
I swear I didn't see it in my life.
That's profiling. It's kind of a little Orwellian, isn't it?
isn't that a little Orwellian?
Two young women run down the sidewalk at night.
Two women dancing in the street late at night.
The Cetagandan destruction of the old capital of Vorkosigan Vashnoi had torn the heart out of the Vorkosigan's District, three generations ago.
three generations ago, during the Cetagandan War, the capital was destroyed in the center of the Vorkosigan District.
No great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made Hartley their home .
No great events happened here , and not many famous persons lived in Hartley .
It can read the thoughts and movements of other beings by sensing the Aura that they emit .
By catching the Aura coming from others , it can read their thoughts .
No I haven't had any dreams similar to that.
hmm nope haven't had any dreams like that before
This is a list of the reptiles native to Australia .
A list of reptiles that come from Australia .
Edge then revealed that Chavo Guerrero would be in his corner .
Edge then said that he would have Chavo Guerrero outside the ring .
I am not certain about this camp for adults, but it would be enjoyable.
I don't know about this adult camp, but that'd be pretty cool!
Childhood memories talking with Mum.
the memory of childhood when I spoke to my mother.
The term multialphabetism describes parallel use of different alphabets .
Multialphabetism is where a mix of more than one alphabet is used .
The cheese is named after the city of Gouda in the Netherlands , but its name is not protected .
The name Gouda is not protected , Gouda is made all over the world .
Aileen, who lives with her grandmother, is supposed to become a wise woman.
Aileen is training under her Aunt Beck in hopes of becoming a Wise Woman of Skarr, as all the women in her family have been.
My apologizes, but I can't assist with that request.
sorry...cant help u with that one!!!!!
It is also transliterated felafel and filafil .
Different spellings in English include felafel and filafil .
Domestic workers are often required by their employers to wear a uniform .
Sometimes servants wear uniform when working for their employers .
The remains of the original Eureka Flag are on public display in the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .
The rebel miners flag , the Eureka Flag can be seen at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .
But nearly everyone in Cambodia has lost relatives to the Khmer Rouge.
behind the crusade of the Khmer Rouge, nearly every inhabitant of Cambodia lost at least one relative.
You had answered my previous question. What a woman expects from a man she marries?
U had answred my Q: What a gul expect fr a boy when she get married?
Do different rules apply to people who have heart disease?
does heart disease apply other rules than for others?
You can be shy, but you can also speak your mind whenever necessary.
Be shy, but speak ur mind wen u feel u should.
Blood built up at the corners of Sharon's mouth as he gasped and wheezed.
Sharon gasped and whined, blood in the corners of his mouth.
Hillary married Louise Mary Rose on 3 September 1953 , soon after the ascent of Everest .
Hillary married Louise Mary Rose in 1953 , by whom he had a son and two daughters .
You could try searching on the bigpond home page, which should likely have what you need and is a good site.
go to the bigpond home page its got exactly what your looking for and its good
in the event of a positive answer to the question 1:
@realDonaldTrump: We have got to take our country back. It's time! Win it Mr. Trump
Donald J. Trump, I am voting for you to be our next "El Presidente"! #trumpforpresident
South Park Mexican (SPM) is not a group, rather he is a rapper from Houston.
spm is not a group its a rapper south park mexican hes from houston
The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown and Plymouth , in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively .
The you made to constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted .
Such edits constitute vandalism , and will be reverted .
All right, look, this is gonna sound crazy, all right?
you know, it's gonna look crazy, right?
Morphine has a high potential for addiction ; tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence develop rapidly .
Morphine is highly addictive when compared to other substances , and tolerance and physical and psychological dependences develop very rapidly .
You are able to purchase it on eBay.
You may be able to procure that item on Ebay.
In 1841 , Ingres produced the most celebrated portrait of the old composer .
In 1841 , Ingres painted a well-known portrait of Cherubini .
Of course Jay-Z ignored the law and got busted. Of course he makes so much money he didn't care.
Of course Jay-Z ignored this rule, got busted, and made so much money anyway he didn't need to care.
The vast canal can handle more ship traffic and larger ships than the Panama Canal .
The success of the canal encouraged the French to start building the Panama Canal .
People: Donald Trump is a man who can lead this country into the future.
@realDonaldTrump is the only candidate who has the backbone to get our #country back on the #rightpath
The name Peloponnesos means `` Island of Pelops '' .
Its name means Island of the People and was named after Pelops .
The natural environment is contrasted with the built environment , which comprises the areas and components that are strongly influenced by humans .
The environment that is influenced by humans can be called `` the built environment '' or cultural landscape .
I fail to understand the difficulty.
I don't see what the problem is.
Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency .
Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State .
Other common foreign words have also been adopted by the Lithuanian language .
Lithuanian , however , adopted less words and phrases from German and other languages .
That would be the one about outer space and saving the queen.
The one in outer space... -Save the queen!
It looks the same as the rest of them.
he looks just like the others.
Silvanito, he was captured this morning by those men of Ramon's.
Ramon's men captured him this morning.
Edinburgh Trams is a forthcoming light rail tramway system which is currently under construction in Edinburgh , Scotland .
The Edinburgh Trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in Edinburgh , Scotland .
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Rock musicians have a wonderful sense of music.
rocker have a great sense of music.
The best way would be to do it face to face.
It definitly has to be Face to Face.
There are far worse crimes that must be answered for.
others have to answer for much worse crimes.
Shield volcanoes can be found in many places around the world , including Australia , Ethiopia , and the Galapagos Islands .
There are also shield volcanoes , for example , in Washington , Oregon , and the Galapagos Islands .
Sarkissian works in abstract art as a statement of post-soviet freedom of expression .
Sarkissian creates abstract art to show and enjoy the post-soviet freedom in Armenia .
Something that demonstrates your love for them.
something that show you love them
Tinder is easily combustible material used to ignite fires by rudimentary methods .
Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match .
Leornak's grin grew and his whiskers quivered slightly as he regarded the two humans.
Leornak regarded the two men with a broader grin, and the whiskers trembled slightly.
Tell him he has lost your friendship that you do not need an abusive friend.
do you really want a friend who treats women badly?tell him he has lost a friend and a wife
Almost all of Plato 's works center around Socrates .
Plato is our main source of information about Socrates .
You guys will then trust each other more and be able to talk openly.
and you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly.
By the same date, the average committed for all measures was 27% [20].
each measure averaged 27% [20] at the same date.
Like many other indoor soccer leagues , the AISL also had their own various of rules .
The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league .
In this one Hades is a woman.
And Hades being a woman was a strange twist.
Winds in Watonga gusted as high as 82 mph , which damaged numerous trees and power lines and heavily damaged mobile homes .
The winds knocked down trees and power lines , leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm .
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
A woman is shooting off a gun.
Carlos Wu's nanotech 'doc had made him too young.
and he's too young - thanks to the nanoscience of Carlos Wu.
During transcription , a DNA sequence is read by RNA polymerase , which produces a complementary , antiparallel RNA strand .
The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand .
Confucianism is a Chinese ethical and philosophical system developed from the teachings of the Chinese philosopher Confucius .
Confucianism is the philosophy based on the teachings of Confucius , who was an important Chinese philosopher .
the Japanese heard from Hirohihita on radio surrender.
Surrender reached the Japanese in a broadcast by Hirohito.
I really enjoyed the book and the entire series.
I enjoyed this one the most of all the books in this series.
she's your wife u cant just forget about the relationship.
doesn't matter the key fact is she's your wife!
Asuras also appear as a type of supernatural being in traditional Buddhist cosmology .
On the Buddhist scale of supernatural beings , the Asuras are almost at the bottom .
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Luba Goy is a Canadian comedian and one of the stars of Royal Canadian Air Farce .
Luba Goy is now a Canadian comedienne and a Canadian television star .
Dozens of software applications perform that function.
there are dozens of softwares that does that
Color schemes are not available when you've set up your publication for spot color or black and white printing at a commercial printing service.
if you have set the publication to print direct colors or black-and-white printing in a commercial press service, there are no color schemes available.
You must not be serious. It seems very obvious that she uses drugs.
are you kidding...there is no way she DOESNT do drugs
Provide for him kneading therapy, followed by a high temperature bathing session and a subsequent toweling off.
:) Give him a massage and then a hot bath, gently washing his hair and toweling him off afterward.
- ensuring security of supply of essential resources;
- securing the supply of main sources;
Select this check box to automatically install the software needed to open documents of this type.
the checkout item will allow the automatic installation of software needed to open a document of this type.
I don't know why Kareena is with such an unattractive person like him.
i dont knw why kareena is with a fugly kid like him !..
That pistol... ...is restricted for the use of army personnel.
the gun... is only used by the military.
One strand of DNA , the template strand , is used as a template for RNA synthesis .
This strand is called the template strand , because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript .
Planning on playing the stock market, were you?
did you want to invest in the stock market?
The Japanese equivalent of a sash , obi , serves to hold a kimono or yukata together .
A sash is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together , and is usually tied about the waist .
Each round, you put somebody different in the boat.
there will be someone else in the boat in every round.
This is a lovely little love story in the Daughter of Smoke and Bone universe.
A MUST READ of Daughter of Smoke & Bone readers
As the protagonist, Yara is a strong heroine.
Yara was a great character and I loved her a lot.
Saturn is the namesake of both Saturn , the planet , and Saturday .
The day Saturday is named after the Roman god , as well as the planet Saturn .
Manager Brian Epstein later hired Evans as their assistant road manager , in tandem with Neil Aspinall .
Evans was hired to help Neil Aspinall , who was the band 's original road manager .
You know, 20 years you been coming to my joint.
you've been in my place for 20 years.
A man is standing inside a cherry picker.
One man in a cherry picker doing his job.
Aust stocks open lower
Tokyo stocks open lower
Jolly awkward if it had been another fellow.
it would be awkward if it was someone else.
If it is important and not for stalkers.
If its incredibly important & not for fan stalking little girl crazed fan.
Meg Cabot just has that gift.
Remembrance by Meg Cabot is brilliantly well-done.
It would have to be a U-boat that the skipper is worried about, then.
that's probably why the skippers are worried about the U-boat.
A small military jet had been waiting for him when the first copter dropped him at the airport in Boise.
the first was taken out at Bois airport, where a small military plane was waiting for him.
It is fascinating not only to get Edward's view, but everyone's thoughts as well.
It is fascinating to see the Twilight story from Edward's point of view.
I'll put the dress on and I'll smart meself up.
I dress up and I'll look elegant.
You will just end up hurting her but you would not feel it with a pornstar.
you will just end up hurting a virgin and you wont even feel it with a pornstar.
Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Carl Wilhelm Siemens and others contributed subsequently to this field .
Contributions were also made by George Westinghouse , Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Wilhelm Siemens and Oliver Shallenger .
What other programs have you watched on the SciFi station. I have not watched the other station. What is the channel number?
and what else have you watched on scifi i havent watched the other station what channel is it on?
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
So, I asked for a guitar at 13 for my birthday.
on my 13th birthday, I wanted a guitar.
These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia .
Kota Kinabalu is also one of the major industrial and commercial centres of East Malaysia .
When need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore .
The need for town criers has disappeared and they became part of the local folklore .
The purple rock determined who would be eliminated .
The contestant with the purple rock would be eliminated .
I wish to discern whether or not he is a good fit for your positive physical and intellectual qualities.
!I wanna see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR UR BEAUTY N INTELLIGENCE!!
Also at this time the Mid Sussex region was transferred from East Sussex .
In 1974 the old county of Sussex was split into East Sussex and West Sussex .
This is a great follow up to the The Witching Hour.
I liked this one better than The Witching Hour.
Please! This is a room with blood all over the floor!
the floor in that room is covered in blood!
It was so much fun :) love Percy's PoV!
I simply adored reading from Percy's POV again.
Las Vegas cleanses guys like me from sin.
For guys like me,Las Vegas washes away your sins.
Just as amazing and about the brother of the Highlander in the above mentioned "Kiss of the Highlander".
Kiss of the Highlander was amazing.
Becky was the best singer and performed a great rendition of "Because the Night".
ALl i know is becky the one person who could sing and sung an awesome song because the night
I thought that he was going to marry Julia, but he married cameron.
i thought he was going to marry Julia but he stayed with his guts and married cameron
@realDonaldTrump he is a real leader and deserves to be President.
@realDonaldTrump A man who isn't afraid to speak the truth is a man who I'll vote for! Take it home, Mr. Trump! #FuturePresident
His smithy was believed to be situated underneath Mount Etna in Sicily .
He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily .
Please let me know if you find out who sings this song.
(ends) if you find out who sings it and the name, please let me know.
Except for Dubhe and Alkaid , the stars of the Big Dipper all have proper motions heading towards a common point in Sagittarius .
All of the stars in the constellation except Dubhe and Alkaid are moving toward the same point in the sky through proper motion .
They're an indigenous people from the Pacific northwest coast.
they are natives on the northwest coast of the Pacific.
The surprised soldiers swung towards the charging warrior.
the surprise of the troops immediately turned to the attacking warrior.
I absolutely LOVED reading from Nick's perspective!
I loved getting Nick's perspective, even for the 30 seconds it took to read this quick novella.
I love the was Alex Flinn remakes our beloved fairytales.
Another great story by Alex Flinn.
A truth you're not prepared to face, Seer.
you're not ready for this truth, fortune-teller.
All this time, they had been lurking down there.
they hid there all the time.
In September 1954 , Monroe filmed one of the key scenes for The Seven Year Itch in New York City .
On September 14 , 1954 , Monroe filmed the skirt-blowing scene for The Seven Year Itch in front of New York 's Trans-Lux Theater .
She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign .
She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India .
NATO has a joint responsibility to solve this problem.
solving this problem is NATO's responsibility.
I love this series and all the characters.
Loved seeing all the characters that I've come to love!
So 154, what is the multiple of 10 above 154?
what's the count of 10 over 154?
I am going to tell you that you have no right to complain
Alright honey, I'm just gonna tell you flat out - you have no right to complain.
Now, that's a rock that would have impressed even Mae West.
then Mae West would be stunned by this stone.
Jimmy's got way too much experience for that.
Jimmy had a lot of experience on this.
Nuclear potential energy , along with electric potential energy , provides the energy released from nuclear fission and nuclear fusion processes .
Scientists now know that matter can be made into energy through processes like nuclear fission and nuclear fusion .
Does this look like the sort of thing gimbley's capable of, in your professional opinion?
in your professional opinion, this looks like something...... what a gimbley would be able to do?
You're here for the peace conference? -here to write about it.
did you come to the peace conference?
Osteen , Florida is an unincorporated community located in southwest Volusia County .
Osteen is a city of Florida in the United States .
Still loved it Can't wait for the next
Can't wait for the next book.
You've made that abundantly clear. Uh, but no, thank you.
you said so clearly, but no, thanks.
We might be looking at the Fuentes brothers' first victims.
maybe they're the first victims of the Fuentes brothers.
Girls today take things much more in their stride.
today's girls deal with it better.
He then settled in the Avon Valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the Darling Range .
He moved to the Avon Valley , which was a remote valley , in the Darling Range .
In my opinion it is fine.
I see nothing wrong with it!
The post-war years saw a widespread consolidation of the paper clip as a national symbol .
After the war , Norway believed the paper clip was a national symbol .
Convection was also slow to build in , with little banding at first .
Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .
If disabling the program resolves the issue you're experiencing, then most likely the software is causing the problem.
if the shutdown of the problem is resolved, the software is the most likely cause of the problem.
Just ask her and be confident.
Be confident in your identity.
I just don't see it that Madam Red is actually Ciel's aunt.
It's just hard to believe that she's Ciel's late mother's sister.
The declaration took no one in the room by surprise.
his words did not surprise anyone in the room.
Another week of falling temperatures, and it would be snowing.
if it gets colder for a week, snow will come.
Not knee high boots, but high heeled boots and a skirt. I think that would look nice.
not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt thats sweet
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
They were married on June 28 , 1919 and lived in her mother 's home .
After the War ended , they married on June 28 , 1919 .
'None of what happened was this man's fault.
this guy can't blame what happened here.
Inverness , Florida was established in 1889 .
Inverness is a city of Florida in the United States .
You can't get that kind of effect with a digital camera really.
with a digital camera, you'll never reach that effect.
I think the fact that you called him means it would be appropriate to see him.
i think the fact that you called him means that your ok to see him.
Soon after , Barbossa and the crew became cursed after stealing coins from an ancient Aztec chest .
He and his crew became cursed after stealing a chest of cursed Aztec gold .
The information that the accompanying document shall include should be laid down in order to verify the origin.
it is necessary to lay down what data must be supplied for the control of the origin of the accompanying document.
The romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian is the representation of the Ukrainian language using Latin letters .
Romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian refers to a system for showing the Ukrainian letter in Latin letters .
The bench warmers were having macaroni and cheese. (I understand I messed up that line).
benchwarmers as well aww yes were having macaroni and cheese awsome(i know i butchered that line but oh well)
You should reinstall DirectX to get the latest version.
install the latest version of DirectX.
Johnny is a bad actor, but it is a nightmare when he dies.
nightmare because johnny dies, he is such a BAD actor!
Any chance of talking him out of it?
can we talk him out of this?
After you're convicted, the family of the victim sentences you.
when you are convicted, the victim's family will impose a sentence on you.
I wouldn't say that. Yeah, you did, this morning in Kmart.
but, uh, at Kmart this morning.
Weizmann was also a chemist who developed the ABE-process which produces acetone through bacterial fermentation .
Weizmann was also a chemist who made a new way of making acetone using bacteria .
It is all dark and horrid to me, for I can remember nothing.
I don't remember anything about all I have was a feeling of darkness and horror.
The 14 generators in the north side of the dam have already been installed .
The 14 main generators on the north side were installed from 2003 to 2005 .
The Corsa was known in the UK market as the Vauxhall Nova .
In the United Kingdom it is called the Vauxhall Corsa .
Donadel is a youth product of Milan .
Marco Donadel is an Italian football player .
i local searched and searched it on the web but came up with zip
I did a local search on the web but it still came up with nothing.
Why did she call him instead of the other way around?
I dont get him I thought guys were supposed to call girls.
India census , Faizabad had a population of 144,924 .
The population of Faizabad city is 144,924 as per 2001 census .
At every level, what is needed are network tariffs that encourage private investment.
network charges for supporting private investment are needed at all levels.
Where studies are made of placebos in which people think they are receiving actual treatment the placebo effect has been observed .
Whether or not there is a placebo effect , use of placebos will remain an important technique .
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
The simpler Newton 's law of universal gravitation provides an accurate approximation for most calculations .
The combination of Newton 's laws of motion and gravitation provide the fullest and most accurate description of classical mechanics .
A skier falls down a hill.
A skier goes down a slope.
Once closed , the IP address should be unblocked .
However , IP addresses should almost never be indefinitely blocked .
i watched that show after school too!
oh yeah I watched that after school
It's not entirely clear to me yet," replied Dirk with a frown.
I don't know exactly," said Dirk, frowning.
A woman is slicing some vegetables.
The woman is dicing garlic.
After reading The Devil's Metal, I can safely say she is one of my favorite authors.
The Devil's Metal most definitely meet my expectations and more!
Someone smart and not so smart.
Some smart some not so smart.
Dana White serves as the president of the UFC and Zuffa , LLC owns the company .
The UFC is headquartered in Las Vegas , Nevada and is owned and operated by Zuffa , LLC .
These are called organic solvents .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
A kid plays the guitar.
A man in a group of protesters yelling into a microphone.
people are protesting with whistles and megaphones.
Women could also need active support from various authorities in order to gain access to new technologies.
women's access to new technologies sometimes requires active support for various government and administrative levels.
The following indications may be added as required in accordance with local tradition:
depending on the local tradition, the optional subject may be supplemented by the following:
She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 who both proceeded to write a weekly fashion column , Ready to Wear .
She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 at a party and wrote about fashion in a newspaper called The Telegraph .
You phone the cops? -No, I didn't phone the cops.
did you call the police?
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Thus, the different practices noted between countries have not been addressed by the Commission.
therefore, the Commission failed to address the different practices recorded in each country.
Implementation of the action plans is progressing.
it is continuing to implement the Action Plan.
@realDonaldTrump your directness & honesty has moved you to the top of my list 4 #President2016! #TRUMPTRUTH
@realDonaldTrump WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Won the state's science fair the last two years.
he's twice won the state scientific competition.
The wedding is in April. The colors are lavender and white, with fresh cut flowers in huge vases on the head table.
colors lavendar/white wedding in april fresh cut flowers in huge vases on head table.
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Coordination among the relevant stakeholders shall be encouraged by the Commission.
the Commission supports coordination between interested parties.
Accordingly the modern study of marine and freshwater algae is called either phycology or algology .
Phycology includes the study of prokaryotic forms known as blue-green algae or cyanobacteria .
The population was 337 at the 2000 census .
337 people were living in Arpin as of 2000 .
It will be two days before we reach the witches.
we'll reach the witches in two days.
Her concert debut , a classical piano recital , was made at the age of twelve .
He made his public debut on the piano with his parents , at the age of seven .
Both were produced by John Gilliland .
John Gilliland made both documentaries .
dude use some P2P software like winmx or limewire
If you're thinking that this would create a slow, boring plot, I'm sad to say that you're mostly correct.
It's almost as if the author got bored and couldn't be bothered writing anything more.
Each segment that has two pairs of legs is a result of two single segments fused together as one .
Except for the first few segments , each segment has 2 pairs of legs .
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Two cats are looking at a window.
Tell him to go to the local strip club.
Visit a strip club and/or acquire a prostitute.
We did not get to know each other before.
didn't get to know eachother before hand.
The flute is Mother. The sword is Father.
my mother's flute and my father's knife.
You're not going to make any trouble, are you?
you don't want to be in trouble, do you?
Males have a black scent patch on each of the hind wings .
The male has a black patch on his hind wing .
Look it up in the dictionary.
Search in a Latin dictionary.
There was a witness. What, did you forget about her?
the witness was there, remember?
Ask a plastic surgeon if it is possible to make one.
ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you.
We already said everything we needed to say.
we've said everything we should have said.
Outside of the electronics industry there is often ambiguity between the terms tower and mast .
A tower is a self-supporting or cantilevered structure , while a mast is held up by stays or guys .
Its American operations were merged with Capitol Records in 2007 to create the Capitol Music Group .
In 2006 , they came together with Capitol Records to become Capitol Music Group .
The board doesn't need your votes to pass this.
the council will approve this without your votes.
Seriously, do not get the toothpaste.
serisly do not the toothpaste get dr. skip
Have you any desire to be wed?
Do you want to get married??
Risk no distractions when you played this dangerous game.
in such a dangerous game, any distractions are intolerable.
From to the present , the Braves have played in Turner Field .
The Braves ' home stadium is Turner Field where they have been playing at since 1997 .
Any additional instructions from the respective equipment manufacturer must also be strictly adhered to.
strictly also, follow any further instructions of the manufacturer of the equipment used.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
Brown and black dog tussle on grass.
This is followed by a second phase, carried out by the European Commission, in which the application criteria are checked and verified.
the second phase of the review and verification of the criteria applied by the European Commission is followed.
It has two other little river help one is Thadho and other is Sukhan .
Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir , the Thadho and the Sukhan .
Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear filtering function .
One approach to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .
for me, pinoy big brother is one of the best realiry tv shows.=)
The reality show Big Brother is one of my favorite TV shows.
I admire how real and unapologetic Donald Trump is on his Political standpoints
@realDonaldTrump had a point and one the liberal media won't dare come close to! We have a fragile and wide open border!
I would highly recommend any of her books!
In sum, I would recommend this book.
One of the best Discworld books.
One of my favourite Discworld books.
Try getting him intoxicated before you decide.
Get him drunk and see what he is like.
Disreputable men, disreputable men. What are you going to do? What are you going to do when they come for you?
(Chorus) Bad boys, bad boys, whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they come for you.
I have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want this in my marriage.
Did they expect her to be harboring a major military force?
are they expecting an army hidden somewhere?
You had first written out your sentence the wrong way.
he wrote the sentence backwards!
I didn't care about the characters or the story until the last 50 pages.
But up until the last few chapters I struggled to get through it.
Each entry has a datum - a copy of the same datum in some backing store .
Each entry holds a datum which is a copy of a datum in another place .
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
6 months of telling you Tomahawk stories.
I told you about Tomahawk six months ago.
First he stayed with Winry but ran off FMA FOREVER
In the beginning he stayed with Winry causing FMA to leave permanently.
@realDonaldTrump first time voting and I'm definitely voting for Trump
@realDonaldTrump Just registered to Vote Today so I can contribute to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Honesty
Anyway... ...morning of the third day, they let him out.
the third day of the morning was released.
Oh yea pick mine as the best answer
Are you going to pick mine as the bes?
Insights into Curran's POV during the first three books.
Some nice excerpts in Currans POV.
Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn.
Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background.
For recipes requiring whole cardamom pods , a generally accepted equivalent is 10 pods equals 1 1/2 teaspoons of ground cardamom .
That way , ten pods is about the same quantity as one and a half teaspoons of ground cardamom .
She had the breeders shipped over in those special containers from Japan.
they came from Japan in a special container.
On average, I'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.
On average I say three times a week, you do the math.
I do not mean to offend, however these girls are representative of the type I strongly dislike.
I am sorry but these are the kind of girls i hate!!!
it's called kidnapping a movie star, you know?
You justkidnapped a movie star, you got that?
Living room or den with large screen television.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
A spa town - or simply a spa - is a town situated around a mineral spa .
A spa town , or simply spa , is a town that many people go to for health reasons .
maybe you can search google or some other search engine
Go to a search engine such as Yahoo, Google, ect.
Another great book in the Arcane Society series .
I highly recommend this book and look forward to the next installment of the Arcane Society Series.
There's a war out there, old friend, a world war.
the world is in war, my friend.
The energy spectrum of a system with energy levels is said to be quantized .
In other words , the energy spectrum can be quantized .
A human riding a skateboard.
A child is riding a skateboard.
I have some ideas, but what are some of yours?
idk... i've got a general idea, i just wanna know what you guys know
Fable II is an action role-playing game developed by Lionhead and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 .
Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame released for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 console in 2008 .
That's why we'd like the assistance from Pakistani intelligence.
and that is why we need the help of Pakistan's Secret Service.
the treaty was first signed in 1990.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
If you do not comply it has problems written all over it.
if you don't then that just has problems written all over it.
Some statistical surveys were recently carried out into this phenomenon.
this phenomenon has recently been the subject of a statistical investigation.
At birth he was named either Nero Claudius Drusus after his father or Tiberius Claudius Nero after his uncle .
He was the son of the general Nero Claudius Drusus , and nephew of Emperor Tiberius .
on average, though, i'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.
More or Less that once or twice a week. It depends on the couple.
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
in the event of a positive response to the first question:
Zakynthos is a city in western Greece .
Zakynthos is the capital of Zakynthos island .
There are nine recent subspecies of tiger , two of which are extinct .
The tiger has 6 living subspecies , and 3 extinct subspecies .
There were no damage or fatalities as a result of Irene .
Also , Irene did not cause any bad damage .
Her husband has been acting strangely, so I should do some research on these strange phone numbers.
I notice strange phone numbers on his phone often but he says it is work-related.
I really enjoyed Jessica Day George's portrayal of Creel and her world.
I really like Jessica Day George's style of writing.
It's got meals, gas, hotel rates, tolls along the route.
it contains stops to eat, petrol, hotel prices, all the way.
This is the largest distance between any two points on the circle .
All points on the circle are at the same distance from the center .
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor with an optimized architecture for the fast operational needs of digital signal processing .
A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing , generally used in real-time computing .
In a small number of people, allergic reactions can develop into a more serious, even life-threatening problem if not treated.
if this condition is not cured, allergic reactions may be severe in a small number of patients when life is threatening.
It's easy to find solutions given the answer, neh?
if you know the answer, the solution is easy, doesn't it?
Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.
he stole the Tullyns, rotting in their dungeons.
Wonderful retelling of the Nordic tale "East of the Sun, West of the Moon".
A retelling of a Nordic Fairy Tale, it was delightful to learn more about the culture.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech.
the king is coming to visit a duke or something.
Oh, it's just some Duke or other who's visiting the King.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth.
A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open.
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Dry ginger ale is also sold with a mint flavoring added .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .
The WWF wrestlers cleared the ring but then were stormed by the ECW wrestlers and taken out .
The WWF wrestlers then came into the ring and , before ECW entered , the WCW and WWF wrestlers started to brawl .
This involved even death for Christians such as Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .
That was the case with Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .
The human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can reach .
They fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could .
Necklace of Raindrops" by Margaret Stohl was my favorite of the entire book.
3) Necklace of Raindrops by Margaret Stohl I gave this one a 4/5.
At the start , the Goddess of Nonsense chooses a mate from a series of suitors along the River Styx .
It takes place along the River Styx and starts with the Goddess of Nonsense wanting a husband .
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
And it doesn't help Dale's wife is suing us.
and Dave's wife's lawsuit isn't helping either.
Applications of cryptography include ATM cards , computer passwords , and electronic commerce .
Things that use cryptography include keeping information secret on bank cards , computer passwords , and the internet .
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
A man is putting papers on a dish.
You've just got the oil but you haven't got a lampwick
you have oil there, but you don't have a wick.
These are some of the characters appearing in Pingu .
Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu .
I'm going to be conducting your interrogation from here on out.
from now on, I'll be conducting your interview.
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.
jockeys racing horses at high speed
Kids playing ball outside in front of building.
Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors.
Dispatch, we're looking at a possible homicide. Requesting backup.
we got probable murder. Request backup.
Quite a fascinating Young Adult novel by Sophie Littlefield.
Sophie Littlefield is one of my favorite new authors.
There is a need to support local authorities in adopting these management techniques.
the adoption of these procedures should be supported by local authorities.
The Sea Witch by Marissa Meyer gets 4.5/5 stars.
My favorite Story was the one by Marissa Meyer.
Therefore I said that we should just remain friends.
So I told him that we should be friends.
Wind and lake wind advisories were posted in parts of Georgia .
A wind advisory was sent out for parts of Georgia .
They're looking at each other!
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
A shirtless man of perhaps fifty sits crosslegged on top of an empty ammunition box.
on an empty box of ammo sits about a 50-year-old man with no shirt.
After the ceremony, Elizabeth and Darcy head to Europe for their honeymoon.
This Pride and Prejudice story describes the torment of Darcy on his marriage to Elizabeth as they travel through Europe on their honeymoon.
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.
Two people on a beach sitting underneath a colorful umbrella.
He occasionally gave recitals during chess tournaments , often accompanied by fellow Grandmaster and concert pianist Mark Taimanov .
His baritone singing , and fellow grandmaster Taimanov 's piano recitals , were evening events at many major chess tournaments .
I am an Aquarius, but thank you for the points.
I thank you for giving me the points!
However , recently Jewish people have resumed using sepia for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .
However , there is an increased amount of Jews in modern times using the ink for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .
So go and dance with your thunder and lightning
then take your thunder and dance
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park.
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.
Maybe because they just do not have any sense and do not realize what they have until it is gone.
maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jesus, Maya, this is everything that we talked about.
geez, Maya, we've dealt with it.
There has to be some way to identify the body.
the body must somehow identify.
Use the E-mail Accounts command on the Tools menu to add and configure the Personal Address Book information service.
install a personal directory information service using an E-mail account in the Tools menu.
Selena is the debut album by Selena y Los Dinos under the EMI Latin label .
Selena Y Los Dinos , were also the very first group , to be signed with EMI Latin .
Christopher Stephen `` Chris '' Grayling is a British politician .
Christopher Stephen Grayling is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions .
Thus it became generally accepted that incubi and succubi were the same demon , but able to switch between male and female forms .
Incubi and succubi were said by some not to be different sexes , but the same demon able to change its sex .
Please help me. Also, respond genuinely, as this is very serious to me.
pls help me... PS: give me geniune replies...this is very much serious to me.
The old Soviet Union built submarine pens here in the 80s.
there were submarines in the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
Sylvain Reynard has another incredible novel in The Shadow.
The Shadow is Sylvain Reynard's second book in The Florentine Series.
Come evening, you'll get a ration of liquor.
you'll get your spirits rations on an evening meal.
the why did they ever break up golden couple: Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt
I feel sorry for Jennifer Aniston, because Anglina Jolie stole Brad Pitt from her.
The Shetland Sheepdog is an outstanding companion dog and is intensely loyal .
A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands .
It's the sort of thing an insane woman would do.
and such things should be done by crazy women.
@realDonaldTrump Is the only one that says the truth straight up. No spin, and he constantly stands up for what he believes!
@realDonaldTrump keep it up Mr Trump-when the Dems and Repubs are attacking-you know your doing it right! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
look in magizines and fill out a conteset form and hope that u win!
I filled out a contest form from a magazine and I hope I win!
Is there anything special you'd like to do?
do you have something special to do?
I have no inclination, however, I did put in a lot of effort and feel I should be voted as "best answer", humorously.
no idea but i tried so i deserve to be voted as best answer lmao
Jean Picker Firstenberg was President and CEO from 1980 to 2007 .
Since 1980 , Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO .
The King supports him too , and the Knight and Elsa enter the church together .
The King , the Knight , Elsa and her attendants are about to go into the church .
A hockey goalie tries to save the puck from going into the net.
A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game.
Jonathan Toews , captain of the Chicago Blackhawks , is the third-youngest player to be named permanent captain of a team in NHL history .
Jonathan Toews is a Canadian professional ice hockey center and team captain for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education .
The United States Secretary of Education deals with Education policy .
Defeated , Nick sinks into the ground , condemning Tom to insanity as he goes .
Nick has lost , and sinks into the ground , telling Tom that he is going mad .
basicaly the reality you thought was just a fantasy
Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land, not reality.
Move on friend, there are plenty of fish in the sea.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
We've taken a little break," Fenwick told him.
we took a minor break," he said.
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .
Ami and Julie soon followed , even though they had tried to vote off Chris .
Now I cant wait for the last one.
Can't wait for the last book in this series.
I liked Finnikin of the Rock -- but I am absolutely obsessed with Froi of the Exiles.
Froi of the Exiles was as epic as Finnikin of the Rock but a whole different experience!
This is the first book by this author I have read and I want to read more from her.
I couldn't put this book down!
There is, in this power of destruction... also the promise of hope.
there's a promise of hope in its ability to destroy.
My friends do not listen when I speak to them.
I tell my friends but they don't listen.
Punishable by preventing life after death forever.
punished for violating the prevention of endless life.
It would appear that the professor answers such correspondence himself.
he seems to have answered these letters himself.
A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.
Two people, one with a rainbow wig, wave out the window of a limo.
Its port is the second busiest in France .
It is one of the most important port of France .
Life, for me, at the time, was moving fast.
at the time, my life flowed quickly.
Young children play with a telescope.
Four children are playing together outside.
Six men sit at a table drinking beer and conversing with one another.
People out enjoying drinks and conversation while sitting at an outdoor restaurant patio.
Her voice is different and she is hot.
hot ,sexy and she has an amazing voice
I do not believe you can get the single here.
I don't believe you get get it here as a single but probably online...I think...
That's as bad a head wound as I've seen.
I've never seen an ugly head injury.
Besides the ending, I would suggest this entire series to magic-lovers anywhere.
THough I love this series and loved this book, I thought the ending left much to be desired.
I suggest you discuss this topic with others and read.
talk to people let it out and read
Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well .
A small girl is hula-hooping.
A young woman using a green hula hoop.
The show was originally introduced as WWF Sunday Night Heat on the USA Network in 1998 .
Sunday Night Heat was soon renamed to WWE Heat , as it no longer aired on Sundays .
A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone.
A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica.
Someone is seasoning eggs.
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
If you know that your husband is a cheater, call all the numbers in his phone..
bull rider in texas getting thrown from a bull
A rodeo rider takes a tumble as a bull rampages.
A great picture of what you are searching for can be found at "http://flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/".
flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/ there is a great picture of it there.....good luck
The story follows Yuki, a high school senior with an unusual talent, she smells dead people.
Yuki was a great lead character.
FeedDemon was purchased by NewsGator Technologies in May 2005 .
This software is owned by NewsGator Technologies since May 2005 .
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Patients were required to have been off antipseudomonal antibiotics for at least 28 days before treatment with study drug.
in patients before treatment with a study product, at least a 28-day period was required without antipseudomonic antibiotics.
Oh no, Gireiev, this mantra of yours isn't doing the business.
not Gireieve, this mantra's not working.
As you can barely sing or talk, I have little faith in your writing skills.
ne yo can barely sing or talk never mind write.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
It's the bus, number 200, they mean the bus.
number 200, he means the bus.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
People skiing down a slope.
This is a list of currently running bots .
See for a current list of fully approved bots .
Used to race for NASCAR. Yeah, he was good, too.
he was racing in NASCAR.
You have nothing to lose.
what do you have to lose ??
Or what even the echo of heartbreak felt like.
I thought I knew what heartbreak was.
Similarly, those undertakings are proprietors of thread brands specifically created for that sector.
likewise, all of these undertakings are holders of trade marks for the yarns, specially created for those sectors.
This means that of snow melts down to of water .
At a certain temperature , snow melts away and becomes water .
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
There is no war in the Middle east.
The region took its name from the Grampian Mountains .
It was named after the Grampian mountains which start in this region .
With a spooky premise, powerful magic, strong friendships, and a beautiful atmosphere, Baptiste's THE JUMBIES is a Caribbean fairy tale you don't want to miss.
Tracey Baptiste's The Jumbies is a suspenseful tale with roots in Caribbean folklore.
is there really lust at 1st sight?
It could be lust at first sight.
I'd like to slap him in the face with a paint can!
then I'll put a can of paint in his face!
get the whole CD and rip the track you want
Burn them to cd and rip them with itumes.
I've read the Fablehaven series, Beyonders and now The Candy Shop War.
The Candy Shop War was so much fun to read.
Reasons shall be given for any decision amending or revoking an authorisation.
the decision to cancel or change the authorisation shall indicate the reasons.
An idea that is fully formed, fully understood, that sticks.
a fully formed and clear idea, that's the real thing.
However , there are other methods of chocolate tempering used .
The last step in making chocolate is called tempering .
He is the older brother of current NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip .
Waltrips younger brother , Michael Waltrip is still racing in NASCAR .
Almondvale Stadium is located near the center of the Town of Livingston , approx .
Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston , West Lothian .
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .
Wow, those shoes are hot; I have the famous shoes with the topless woman on them.
Dude, Those are Sum Pimpn' Shoez, I have the FAMOUS Shoes With The Topless Chik On Them.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
He suspects that he has been enchanted by a woman called Madame Podtochina , because he would not marry her daughter .
The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina , who tried to make him marry her daughter , has used witchcraft on him .
Christian liturgy is a pattern for worship used by a Christian congregation or denomination on a regular basis .
A Christian liturgy is such a liturgy , done by different Christian denominations .
In countries where prostitution is legal , advertising it may be legal or illegal .
There are some places , where prostitution is legal , but advertising for it is not .
Many modern personal computers do not have a serial port since this legacy port has been superseded for most uses .
The serial port is not present for cost savings , and is considered to be a legacy port on personal computers .
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.
Stakeholders have been consulted on this draft.
Unanimity shall be required for the Council to amend the proposal as re-examined by the Commission.
the proposal reviewed by the Commission may be amended by the Council only by unanimous decision.
Make him aware of how much you miss him and apologize while admitting you were mistaken.
well just aplogize and tel him u miss him and u made a big mistake
A dog playing in the snow, ready to catch a toy
A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball.
Really like these characters, and the love hate relationships with Mira & the men in her life.
I want to see where the relationship between Mira and Danaus.
Your best friend or her boyfriend?
You're BEST FRIEND or her Boy friend?
Double sharps also exist ; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or a whole step .
Double flats also exist , which look like and lower a note by two semitones , or a whole step .
It seems like there is a lack of trust
Even if we don't mean there is a lack of trust......it comes across that way.
In cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher .
Evidence of security against linear cryptanalysis is usually expected of new cipher designs .
These seasonal wetlands became habitat for the migratory birds of the Pacific Flyway .
These wetlands became rich habitat for birds and other animals .
The relationship developing between Simon and Meg is sweet and funny.
I'm seriously excited to read the next book to see if Simon and Meg becomes more than just friends.
Dragon Ball Z I believe is downloadable. Go to the portion when Goku is small. I think I spelled his name correctly.
Dragon Ball Z I think Is DB gt when goku (I think I spelled his name right) is small?
I'm going to start off saying that I LOVE this series, both the LoD and Demonica.
Holy fucking shit , this book is definitely one of my favorites in the demonica serie .
@realDonaldTrump I feel the train is gaining steam.
Looking at presidential candidates, there is only one candidate, who can stand tall, and is all heads and shoulders. #Trump
This made him the first little person wrestler to win a championship in WWE history .
He is also the smallest wrestler to win any title in WWE .
Thank you Lara Adrian for making such a wonderful series!
Another great book by the great Lara Adrian .
He has dated his former Lost co-star Evangeline Lilly since 2004 .
Dominic dated Evangeline Lilly while the two of them were on Lost .
Open proxies may be blocked on sight according to the policy on open proxies .
You have been indefinitely blocked from editing in accordance with Wikipedia 's blocking policy .
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Thus , the development of products based on NetBSD is possible without having to make modifications to the source code public .
This means people can make new things from NetBSD without having to give people the source code .
In relationships, body language communicates a great deal for both males and females.
the eyes talk, hands talk, all the body shows it when a guy like a girl, and vice versa.
Dolamore made me care about these characters.
Dolamore has created an instant classic in her debut novel.
Capillaritis refers to state where the capillaries are inflamed .
Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be .
A number of issues were raised by stakeholders.
At most one Windows Installation CD driver path can be specified on the commandline.
the command line can specify no more than one path to the CD driver with the Windows driver.
This behavior is usually reported to have arisen spontaneously , and developed over a period of time .
Usually , people say that this behavior arises spontaneously , or over some time .
The entire song can be found in the Google search engine.
Unable to fetch info on Dept ID#%s
failed to get department information with ID #% s
A curved dagger is fastened over a pair of crossed swords .
This depicts crossed swords over a khanjar , a traditional curved dagger .
In 1992 , Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980 .
The third film in the Godfather trilogy , The Godfather Part III , came out in 1990 .
Insects in this family are commonly called tachina flies or simply tachinids .
These flies are commonly known as tachina flies or tachinids .
Josh Lyman , Santos 's campaign manager , convinces Leo McGarry to become Santos ' running mate .
Santos was planning to leave Congress before being recruited to run for the presidency by Josh Lyman .
The single reed is held tightly against the mouthpiece by a ligature .
The ligature is what holds the reed onto the mouthpiece .
Great, hooked claws curled from its fingers and toes.
his fingers on his hands and feet were filled with huge, curved claws.
The doc called in a prescription for you, honey.
the doctor prescribed you the recipe, baby.
Couldn't beat a human being, let alone another horse.
you wouldn't hurt a man, so leave the other horses alone.
He successfully defended that title in the following three years .
She successfully defended her title four times .
Sandman Slim is one of the best series I have read in quite awhile.
So, I liked the original Sandman Slim.
Hati or Saturn XLIII is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Easily the best of any Riordan book.
Just because it's Rick Riordan, this book gets an automatic 5 stars.
You have interfered with our affairs for the last time.
that was the last time you were involved in our business.
The IPCC reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
The Panel is responsible for the IPCC and its endorsement of Reports allows it to ensure they meet IPCC standards .
She was in our presence the entire time.
we've been with her the whole time.
I do not wish to listen to anyone discuss the motion of the ocean versus the size of the ship.
The size of the way does not matter. The motion of the ocean is what is important.
Make up your mind, if you think you are mature enough to handle such things
In an interview he is entitled to be assisted by a person of his choice.
he can assist this person in an interview with the person he chooses.
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
@realDonaldTrump don't care what anybody says. In November 2016, you will have my vote. Where can I get your bumper sticker??
It is obvious that many people do that.
but apparently a lot of people do.
They are classier and are better, what should I say?
THEY HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE MORE> WHAT SHOULD I SAY?
He tends to nap most days!
he tends to nap at them most days!
In some male mammals the scrotum is a protuberance of skin and muscle containing the testicles .
The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles in male mammals .
The hapy asian woman is at the market.
An Asian woman and sand at a marketplace with their good.
Butch was finding it harder and harder to pull air from the mask.
getting the air out of the mask was getting harder.
ammityvile horror or texas chainsaw masscre or maybe even 13ghosts old but real good
best horror: texas chainsaw massacre best suspense: the panic room
A28/E30 following in eastern, northeastern direction until A1/E30.
A28 / E30 east, northeast towards A1 / E30.
Games which use only one type of dice rarely require complex dice notation .
Some games are played with two dice and some use only one .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-of-war.
A man and his dog play tug-of-war with a rope.
Sales Order,Sales Invoice,Sales Return Order,Sales Credit Memo,Purchase Order,Purchase Invoice,Purchase Return Order,Purchase Credit Memo
sales order, Sales order, Sales refund, Sales refund, Sales order, purchase order, purchase refund, purchase refund, p.
Japan did enjoy friendly relations with Silla as well as formal relationships with Tang China .
At that time , Japan had friendly relations with Korea and China 's Tang Dynasty .
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
I'm 1 0 minutes from the bomb squad.
there's a bomb squad in ten minutes.
Quetzalcoatl was one of several important gods in the Aztec pantheon along with the gods Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
Today Quetzalcoatl is arguably the best known Aztec deity but there were several other important Aztec gods too : Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
A BMX biker in the air on his bike over stairs near a building.
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp.
The saintly Earl denied the Popish Plot.
It's high treason to deny the popish plot.
But in the 8th century , King Trisong Detsen established Buddhism as the official religion of the state .
In the 8th century , an Indian teacher called Padmasambhava brought Buddhism to Tibet again while Trisong Detsen was king of Tibet .
I saw a butcher's daughter last week, blubbering on about a malady akin to this.
last week I saw a butcher's daughter cry for a similar disease.
Glazed tiles were used in China since the Zhou dynasty as building material for roof top .
Glazed tiles were used to make the roof on buildings in China .
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
LGW is a German regional airline officially known as Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH .
The Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter or LGW is an German airline .
Why does it drive us men crazy?
Some things women deal with can drive them crazy.
Published as "Rivers of London" in the UK - great characters and really interesting concept.
First published as Rivers of London in the UK.
They are larder hoarders , and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows .
They feed mostly on seeds and other plant parts , which they carry in their cheek pouches to their burrows .
He is probably best known for creating the villainous Daleks in the long-running science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Articles about significant fictional characters in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
That would be affirmative for me. I was greatly pleased with the first one.
I am I really loved the first one!
Violet Baudelaire is one of the main characters in the children 's book series , A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket .
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the protagonists of Lemony Snicket 's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events .
And it's nowhere near the feelings that Warner has for Juliette!
Moreover, I think that Warner is better off with Juliette.
I haven't ever read Rachel Vincent before.
And now I need a Rachel Vincent fix.
One of a Kind is a good song.
'One Of A Kind' by Breaking Point.
However, by purposefully hiding this it becomes unfriendly!
But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY!
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth.
A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth.
Kim Jong-il is the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
Kim Jong-il has been the leader of North Korea since his father 's death in 1994 .
During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts .
1956-58 - studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute , worked as a compere .
I immediately dove into Half-Blood upon finishing Daimon.
Definitely made me what to read Half-Blood.
So yes, women care about money.
Money is the only concern.
Maintain your personality all the time; you're quite unique.
I'd like to let you know that you're a unique person.
The registry file for the service account could not be loaded
could not load registry registry file.
An inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.
One man is climbing a rock wall, while another man, below, holds a rope.
Because young men who get in trouble are more attractive and girls are drawn to them.
because badboys.. are more like eye candy.. us girls cant get enough.
Mustapha Hadji began playing football there .
Mustapha Hadji is a Moroccan football player .
Xypher has been given one month to be spent on earth by Hades to redeem himself.
Xypher is back on Earth for one month and he is not the only non human that is visiting New Orleans.
Nagri Tutial has an average elevation of 1243 metres .
Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres above the level of the sea .
It enjoy them talking real fast. It's funny.
It like they talk real fast allt he time and its funny
This is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick, on his nose.
A clown in a field with trees and people behind him balancing a plate on a stick on his nose.
I saw them in December and the show was amazing!
It is amazing that I saw her on the last tour.
How can we visit Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum? Come.
we'd like to see the mausoleum Sun Yat-sen.
Tomorrow, we're going away over the sea.
we will be far above the sea tomorrow.
but you keep on changing your mind, Sir Launcelot.
if you still change minds, Mr. Lancelot.
A woman's best friend has to sign off on all big relationship decisions.
for a woman, every relationship must be confirmed by her best friend.
In many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .
Hydroelectric power can be far less expensive than electricity generated from fossil fuels or nuclear energy .
Edgar Meyer is a prominent contemporary bassist and composer .
Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist .
What kind of book is the Reaper Man?
Reaper Man is a book about Death.
I really wanted to love this book but it just wasn't for me.
Unfortunatelly, I didn't feel any connection with heroine and her POV wasn't interesting for me at all.
Was slow in the beginning but really picked up in the middle.
but it was a slow starter for me.
Helicobacter pylori is a Gram-negative , microaerophilic bacterium that can inhabit various areas of the stomach and duodenum .
Helicobacter pylori is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach .
The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants , placed within the order Myrtales .
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons .
Nevertheless, there are still some organisational and functional difficulties in terms of practical implementation at port level.
however, implementation in practice is still striking at organisational and operational difficulties in the ports themselves.
I know you hesitantly want an affirmative response; you should.
i know you kind of want a yes, you should.
Mumtaz Mahal had a very deep and loving marriage with Shah Jahan .
Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years .
After you dialed one digit, you are showing attention deficit disorder.
after you dialed one digit your A.D.D.
Aegir or Saturn XXXVI is a natural satellite of Saturn .
- Jane and Beast have soul bonded and what that means for the birth of them is being further explored.
In addition to Jane, we are allowed better glimpses at other supporting characters, as well as some additional back stories.
Be certain of that before you decide to spend your life with this gentleman.
Maybe you should spend time with some gentleman.
Catherine became pregnant for the first time , by Seymour , at age thirty-five .
Not long afterwards , Catherine was married to Thomas Seymour and soon became pregnant .
The yacht's in her name and he's living on it.
she lives on a yacht that's written on her name.
In 1975 the Country Party changed its name to the National Country Party as part of a strategy to expand into urban areas .
It was first called the Country Party when it started in 1922 and then became the National Country Party in 1975 .
She was just not as beautiful as her two sisters, who were apparently medieval models.
In this version, Belle tries to live up to the beauty standards of her two older sisters and feels lost in their shadow.
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage.
After giving birth to Mary McCartney Stella McCartney and James McCartney she said that four children was enough .
She is the mother of artists Heather McCartney and Mary McCartney , fashion designer Stella McCartney , and musician James McCartney .
Bridgit Claire Mendler is an American teen actress .
Jamie Lynn Spears is an American teen actress .
Flowers, candy, and a soft kiss on the forehead.
in patients taking AVANDIA or similar medicines, a new macular oedema may occur, or may result in an existing macular oedema.
New or worse cases of macular oedema have occurred on rare occasions in people taking Avaglim and similar medicines.
For instance , cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious or contagious .
A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people ; it must also be infectious .
Oscar Fredrik Dronjak is the rhythm guitarist and founder of the Power Metal band Hammerfall .
Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .
A Borderland Jump-Rope Rhyme (poem) - Jane Yolen And... Yolen gets three in this anthology?
A borderland Jump-rope Rhyme - Jane Yolen - Mmmm da.
Remember, the 20's were a desperate time in Germany.
you know, 20 years ago, she was in Germany a time of despair.
All about them zircons, garnets, and iodestones flashed like stars.
everywhere on their clothing, the stars glinted with zircons, theatricals, diabbles, and other gems.
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bomis , Inc , a web portal company .
Nupedia 's articles were written and owned by Bomis , Inc which was a web portal company .
After all, pursuant to Article 6(3) of the Habitats Directive, the implications of a project must be assessed before it is authorised.
the consequences of the purpose for the site must be assessed before its authorisation under Article 6 (3) of the Habitats Directive.
On the left, beneath the large squares, the words "Good Luck" appear.
It is on the left side, and below the big squares. Good Luck.
You're not thinking whatl think you're thinking, are you?
you weren't thinking what I thought you were thinking, did you?
The population was 42,610 at the 2000 census .
42,610 people were living in Altadena as of 2000 .
Back behind him now, wind blows through Jamf's crypt.
the wind was blowing through his back, through Jamal's tomb.
Spicules of snow tapped softly on the window.
Outside the window, the snow was coming down heavily.
The sun extruded a jet of plasma some millions of miles long.
a stream of plasma spans a few million kilometers from the sun.
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
Gheorghe Hagi , is a Romanian former football player of Aromanian origin .
Bogdan Gheorghe Stelea is a former Romanian football goalkeeper .
Epimetheus is an inner satellite of Saturn .
A near copy of the British VC-10, the four-engine aircraft taxied to the remotest service area for refueling.
a four-engine aircraft, almost loyal to a British VC-10, rotated to the furthest station by ground crews to refuel.
A girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops.
girls wearing pink clothing playing the hula hoop.
For it would not do to get lost in the Labyrinth.
losing in the Labyrinth would not be good.
It is not the eastern shore that worries me.
I'm not worried about the East Bank.
This was a worthy prequel to Half-Blood.
Daimon: A Prequel to Half-Blood (Covenant) (p. 23).
A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.
A man with a painted face and braided ribbon on his forehead plays an instrument.
Caldwell is the home of the College of Idaho .
Caldwell is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Nintendo Research & Development 1 , a defunct division of Nintendo .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Intelligent Systems , a division of Nintendo .
Yes. The worthiness at the end makes the difference.
sure i mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end.
A teacher standing up in front of her students in a classroom.
Several Students watch a teacher in art class.
Then Aida appears and , when Radames sees her , Amneris notices that he looks disturbed .
She notices how he looks disturbed when Aida comes in and wonders whether she is the girl Radames loves .
Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land...not reality.
The word `` carnivore '' sometimes refers to the mammalian Order Carnivora , but this is somewhat misleading .
The word `` Carnivore '' also can mean any animal in the scientific order Carnivora .
I am extremely excited to see how the conclusion of the story goes down and can't wait for the third book.
I still really liked it and can't wait for the next book.
A very satisfying ending to a great series.
I loved the way this series ended... now I am have withdrawals.
@realDonaldTrump You are the trump card of my heart.
@realDonaldTrump You have the heart of a lion! Let's make America great again!
Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard
a golden dog tries to catch a ball
Based on her international reputation, she's quite good.
he has a pretty good international reputation.
The title Episcopus Romanus means Roman Bishop in Latin .
All popes are Episcopus Romanus which means Bishop of Rome .
it is file sharing by the way.
Limewire is a no cost file sharing alternative.
All those influences had no effect on you whatsoever, is that what you're saying?
are you saying that all of these things don't affect you?
It is the intention of the ISB to make this valuable instrument available for use by double bassists world-wide .
Karr later gave this double bass to the ISB so that double bassists world-wide could play on it .
Fifty-one grizzlies have been radio collared since 1994 as part of the project.
since 1994, 51 bears grizzly bears have been on the job with the radio.
You can dig around the internet.
YOU CAN DIG AROUND INTERNET MOVIE DATABASE.
A dim lamp from the hallway cast a narrow light through the slit in the doorway.
a knot of faint light filtered through the clearing of the open door from the hallway.
It opens every door, including the one hiding immoral intensions.
he opens all doors, even those that conceal an amoral decision.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
I cannot telephone because of reasons which will become clear.
for obvious reasons, I can't make a phone call.
I'd hoped you would not ask.
I was hoping you wouldn't put it to me.
Shah is a Persian term for a king that has been adopted in many other languages .
Shah is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country .
This is the third in the Septimus Heap series.
The best so far of the Septimus Heap series...
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Fanta was the second drink to be produced by Coca-Cola , apart from the original Coca-Cola .
After the war , Fanta was introduced to the United States by Coca-Cola , and in 1960 they bought the trademark .
Pardon me, sir. That's a very fascinating ring you've got there.
sorry, you have an amazing ring.
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
China rocked by twin earthquakes
The EP is the audio-only counterpart to Alive in the Superunknown .
It is available on the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown .
then u can drag and drup the files into ur mp3 player.
Then, place it onto your phone and open the mp3 player.
He later served as an assistant conductor at the Czech Philharmonic for 2 years .
He became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1990 for a short time .
Miss Thailand is nothing to do with Miss Thailand World and Miss Thailand Universe .
The winner of Miss Thailand has to represent the country and invite other people to come to Thailand .
The company enter the black forest of Mirkwood without Gandalf .
At the border of Mirkwood , Gandalf leaves the group .
Argyll and Bute covers the second largest administrative area of any Scottish council .
Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland , UK .
Mexican Americans are Americans of Mexican descent .
Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino ancestry .
It depends upon what you call cheating.
its your call wahts cheating and whats not.
Walid Eido was a Lebanese politician and member of the Current for the Future Lebanese political movement and an MP in the Lebanese Parliament .
Walid Eido was a Lebanese man who worked for the Lebanese Parliament , a government building in Beirut .
The word Zhejiang was the old name of the Qiantang River , which passes through Hangzhou , the provincial capital .
`` Zhejiang '' is named by the Qiantang River , which is also called `` Zhejiang '' .
Deep, dark fear building up It's too strong for you
you grow cold, dark fear Is stronger than you
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.
Well, if the truth be told, I've not been so acquainted with that promised land as I had thee believe.
if I have to tell you the truth, I don't know the country as well as I have told you.
call on the phone and ask her out
Take a chance, call her.
I believe in lust and yearning at first sight.
Volvo Cars introduced the first generation Volvo S40 and V40 compact executive cars in 1995 .
The Volvo S60 is a compact executive sedan produced by the Swedish automaker Volvo from 2000 .
He has no concern for worldly affairs or possessions.
he's not interested in any mundane matters or property.
That is until her 16th birthday.
On Portia's 16th birthday she learns that she is a witch.
This story is listed as fantasy and while it has touches of fantasy, it is more of a historical mystery with feather light romance.
So it has a gentle mystery, with mild fantasy and very little romance flavor.
He moved slowly, every gesture bringing pain from the battering he had taken.
slowly, for every movement brought him suffering, he stepped forward.
Walls of mirrors shot up on all sides about me, the guisel, and Kergma, but excluding Rhanda.
all around me, the masked man and Kergma flashed up mirrored walls.
I don't know how Ms. Saare did it, but this book was even better than the first.
Saare writes this book really well.
Mr. @realDonaldTrump I appreciate you standing your ground as you've done. I can say I've never felt better about voting.
@realDonaldTrump Just watched you on @FoxNews. You are awesome! You have my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
That's the best figure of Booth I've ever seen.
I've never seen a better Booth.
The things I liked most about THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS are the magic system and the author's writing style.
The ending of THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS, oh that ending!
He got what he had been asking for.
Because he got what he wanted.
Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow , Scotland , who currently play in the Scottish Premier League .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is the traditional home of the Scotland team and is described by the Scottish Football Association as the National Stadium .
Indigo and Shade by April Genevieve Tucholke and Whitney Atkinson - 4.5 stars.
Indigo and Shade (April Genevieve)- 3.5 stars.
exports of sugar produced over the quota framework were not covered by export refunds.
C quota sugar was not eligible for the price support mechanism or for the export refund mechanism.
Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk , theologian and linguist .
Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk who invented the Armenian alphabet in the year 406 .
I think you're going to make Agha sahib very proud today.
today will be a proud sahib proud of you.
Ichthyosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Early Jurassic of Europe .
Ichthyosaurus was an ichthyosaur , a marine reptile ; it was not a dinosaur .
The story follows Cara Devon, a sassy, "de-filed" Lord's daughter as she looks to uncover her deceased father's artefacts.
Cara was such a spunky, likable character in spite of the atrocities she suffered due to her jerk of a father.
four musicians, singing and playing instrument.
Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones.
I will. That is a sad question.
i will :] lol haha jm wow wow.. sad question..
No consensus exists as to when the French Revolutionary Wars ended and the Napoleonic Wars began .
Napoleonic Wars The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France .
The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .
Another lateral meristem is the cork cambium , which produces cork , part of the bark .
There are four primary schools situated in Wetherby and one secondary school .
Wetherby has several primary schools , a large secondary school and Park Lane College .
Knight's Shadow picks up where the Traitor's Blade left off.
If you're picking up Knights Shadow, you're probably aware of the central characters already.
Celia and Marco is our main characters and I grew to love them.
I loved Celia and Marco together and individually.
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
i want donald trump to win the presidency so bad. he cant be bought out like all the others. and he sticks to his convictions
A page with this title has previously been deleted .
Warning : You are starting a page that was previously deleted .
This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .
This definition is very general and includes people who have never heard about theistic ideas .
It is lined by walking paths and shade trees on both sides .
There are paths and trees on both sides , and many people exercise around it .
Babies bought by men who raise them as livestock.
they buy kids and grow them like cattle.
FOR ME, THIS IS THE BEST FANTASY BOOK I'VE READ THIS 2015.
One of the best books I've ever had the pleasure of reading and definitely high up in my list of favorites.
inspector Belhet called the office in Los Angeles.
The L.A. office got a callfrom Inspector Bethel here.
Paper Heart", "Dirty Little Secret" and "Move Along" are my favorite songs.
Those are my most favorite songs that I have heard.
NASA and ESA have used Celestia in their educational and outreach programs , as well as for interfacing to trajectory analysis software .
NASA and ESA have used Celestia , but it is not to be confused with Celestia 2000 , ESA 's own program .
@realDonaldTrump Its admirable how you're willing to lose sponsors for the greater good. We've longed for voice like yours!
But the Damsel had no such assurance.
but the girl did not have that certainty.
However , unlike other organisms , a virus can not survive on its own .
A virus is unable to replicate on its own or use `` raw '' materials on which to survive .
it is an actionernes effectiitet og produitet 3.9.4.
Raffles Institution was the first school in Singapore to establish a Scout troop .
Raffles Institution is one of the best secondary schools in Singapore .
But ah I will be reading the next few books in the series.
Anyways, I am definitely going to read the rest of the series.
That difference of terminology cannot but raise a presumption of a difference of concept.
such a terminological distinction can suggest only conceptual differences.
Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income .
Non-family households are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles .
Sources of uncertainties shall be identified and reduced as far as practicable.
if possible, it will find out and limit the sources of uncertainty.
This has the same sentence structure as ` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo ' .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence which uses correct grammar .
Allman 's solo career has continued intermittently throughout the subsequent decades , sometimes touring when the Allman Brothers Band is off the road .
He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother , Duane Allman , which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s .
Maybe they have a pressing need for their man Boklov.
perhaps his man - Boklovova - they urgently need.
Continuous supervision, training and raising of awareness about the terrorist threat is therefore needed.
there is therefore a need for a permanent effort in sight, education, and awareness-raising about the risk of terrorism.
Waiting for "The End of Oz".
On to the next one, The End of Oz!
However , Saint-Denis is older than that .
Saint-Denis dates back to the second century .
Thirty years from now when you're sitting around your fireside with your grandson on your knee and he asks you:
when you sit by the fireplace with a grandchild on your knees after 30 years, you won't have to ask:
He was eligible to play for both England and Trinidad and Tobago .
He has played for Trinidad and Tobago national team .
Right whales are four species of large baleen whales .
Right whales are similar to bowhead whales , but smaller .
If you want more, read my review of the first book, The False Prince.
I absolutely loved The False Prince and was looking forward to reading the second book.
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
Ha Seok-Ju is a retired South Korean football player .
Kim Hyun-Seok is a former South Korean football Striker .
This legend has been retold in many versions , and was used by Sigmund Freud to name the Oedipus complex .
The psychologist Sigmund Freud had a theory and he called it the Oedipus Complex , after this story .
I can't wait to see where things go from here.
Can't wait to read Heir of Fire to see what happens next!
Thus far the wind was rather warm and the rain as though heated.
as yet, the wind gusts were more like hot and hot.
A cute, light read, a bit predictable but still engaging.
Overall, it was an enjoyable read.
Specific provisions on the treatment of particular territorial features
This standard does not establish any specific transitional provisions.
But the ending was great and happy.
Interesting start to a new series by Saintcrow.
This is the first book in the series by Lillith Saintcrow, the author of the Dante Valentine books.
We're going to put 100 million miles between us and that madman.
we'll move away from this fool for hundreds of millions of miles.
Do your best to deal with the situation.
show your best efforts to put up with it !
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Better make it quick, 'cause I gotta cut these two loose pretty soon.
well, hurry up, I'll have to release them soon.
It doesn't surprise me that somebody stole that car.
I'm not surprised the car was stolen.
At the banquet , Banquo 's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth 's place .
The ghost of Banquo , whom he kills , haunts him at an important banquet .
A woman is slicing garlics.
A woman is slicing an onion.
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background.
A public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an African descent.
He soon awakened in Mictlan to meet the Aztec god of death Mictlantecuhtli and the Aztec god of dreams Tezcatlipoca .
He later wakes up in the land of the dead , Mictlan , where the Aztec gods Mictlantecuhtli and Tezcatlipoca sacrifice him .
once a cheater always a cheater.
Who wants to date a cheater?
As a librarian, I can only imagine having the ability to actually pull things from books.
A must for any fantasy loving librarian!
Gravitational energy is the potential energy associated with gravitational force .
Gravitational potential energy cause 's objects to move towards each other .
He looked melancholic and walked quietly away.
I looked at him, and he turned away from me.
The 1972 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1972 , and lasted until November 30 , 1972 .
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1963 , and lasted until November 15 , 1963 .
People ride and paddle a raft.
Four people are floating on a raft.
Jane Yellowrock is one of my favorite heroines.
So I am back on the Jane Yellowrock train.
If you are not talking about american idol I do not know.
If you are talking about American Idol, then it was chicken little.
Creates shortcuts to the items you have copied or cut into the selected location.
on the selected site, a shortcut will create a copy of the copied or deleted items.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
Have you heard of hobbies?
Try to find joy in her hobbies.
Following his death in 1994 , he was succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il .
His son Kim Jong-il is the current ruler of North Korea .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard.
This man is jumping over a shopping cart on a skateboard.
I've only seen the likes of her in museums.
I only saw it at the museum.
A skateboarder on a city street.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Tropical Storm Jose was a short-lived tropical storm which made landfall in central Mexico during August 2005 .
Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to August 23 .
The Caracal , despite sometimes being called Persian lynx or African lynx , does not belong to this genus .
The Caracal or Desert Lynx and the Jungle Cat are similar to the lynx , but they are not much of a relative .
My apologies to the prosecution and the court.
I'm sorry about the lawsuit and the trial.
Just be yourself and the rest will follow....
The earliest instances of Marathi literature is by Sant Jnyaneshwar with his Bhawarthadeepika .
An early piece of Marathi literature is Bhawarthadeepika by Dnyaneshwar .
how are we supposed to wait for book four with the ending?
I can't wait for The Silver Mask to come out, so I can find out what happens next!
I enjoy a lot from both David Bowie and Pink Floyd.
Pink Floyd 3 was an amazing performance in the sky.
Albas is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
Albas , Aude is a commune of 59 people .
It is due to them not truly being in love with you.
Because they really don't love you.
There was a lot of information that I did not find helpful at all.
It is, well...a whole bunch of stuff...ik ik that did not help at all...but so what?
Wood poles lean and smell old: thirty-year-old wood.
the wooden pillars lie and the old-fashioned old wood.
Hofmannsthal 's libretto is a combination of different forms of the German language .
The language used by Hofmannsthal changes according to who is speaking .
You can search for it at the following websites: allposters.com, ebay.com or yahoo.com.
allposters.com ebay.com just do a search on yahoooooooooooooooooooooooo
This isn't normally the style of book that I read but I liked the complexity of it and how different it was for me.
It's captivating and interesting, but for what I wanted at the current moment when I read it, it's nothing like I expected.
I've never really said... ...thank you for coming with me.
no one has ever told me...... thanks for going in with me.
Choose how you want your organization chart page to look.
select the layout page of the Organization Diagram page.
So, they turn their attentions to the demon alone.
Together, they form an uneasy alliance to hunt and destroy a demon of tremendous power.
Left side, below the big squares. Good luck.
It has been the home of Aston Villa Football Club since 1897 .
It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa .
@sbrenn01 @marklevinshow What diversity? Conservatives are racist. I am one. I love Trump.
@NBCNews @realDonaldTrump or the white house!! #trumpforpresident
Written well, but without action and Joyce Carol Oates dialogue, where I think she is the strongest, I was bored.
It hurts to say this, but Joyce Carol Oates bored me with her demon child tale.
A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass.
Two men, one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey, run on a grassy field.
Its motto is `` Improving the health , safety , and well-being of America '' .
He was also active in improving health care and expanding clinics for veterans .
This is when Lilah is struck by lightning!
At her mother's wedding, Delilah is struck by lightning.
She has a small injury to her spleen,
he's just got a little spleen injury.
She could never have done all of this as Ellen.
as Ellen would never have.
The writing is fluid and she always manages to makes us feel a myriad of emotions while reading her stories.
The writing is so beautifully done, one Hell of a short story.
In these private saunas swimsuits or towels are never worn .
In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn .
Do a search, gotta be some out there somewhere
SEARCH FOR IT, somewhere, maybe Google or something
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .
Strong wind shear weakened the storm , and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean .
Salt licks placed nearby can prevent porcupines from injuring themselves .
Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage .
Saw a bit of @HillaryClinton 's speech & I was proud to hear her plans for policy improvements in our justice system. Thanks!
My dad told me he's voting for Hillary. I'm so proud. LOL
A receipt must be obtained as proof of submission, signed and dated by an official in the department mentioned below.
the official in the section below will sign and affirm the receipt date of receipt of the receipt, as proof of the application.
A man fishing from the shore in the winter time.
A young woman is fishing from a pier at sunset.
Fallon is awesome and a great match for Jeff.
I loved reading more about Jeff and Fallon.
A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.
A man eating a awkward shaped hotdog on a mini sized bun.
The Kiribati national football team is the national football team of Kiribati and is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association .
The Iraqi national football team is the national team of Iraq and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .
Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 film adaptation of the 1978 novel of the same name .
Requiem for a Dream is an American drama film that was released in 2000 .
Max Mirnyi is a professional tennis player from Belarus .
Natalya `` Natasha '' Zvereva is a retired tennis player from Belarus .
(from the Call of Cthulhu) This short story was written December 1919.
(page 153) The Madness from the Sea is the third part of The Call of Cthulhu.
The world's smallest violin, playin' just for the waitresses.
World's smallest violin, and it's playing just for you.
In 1974 , India conducted an underground nuclear test and five more tests in 1998 , making India a nuclear state .
India has also done nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998 , and it is one of the few countries that has nuclear bombs .
I have this song stuck in my head.
Cherry bomb gets stuck in my head a lot.
She's romantically linked with a rebellious, disenfranchised son of Texas.
he's dating a rebel, an election-free kid from Texas.
Rock bands began adding elements of funk to their sound , creating new combinations of `` funk rock '' and funk metal .
In the later 1980s , two new styles of funk developed called `` funk rock '' and funk metal .
They are a premiere band and my favorite song of theirs in Brain Stew.
they are the best band in the whole world, though brain stew is my favorite song.
Try to move on. Remember that there are other fish in the sea!
Boxes of dusty rocks occupied the little space that wasn't covered with books and paper.
the small place, which was not filled with books and papers, occupied the crates with dusty stones.
'I'm sure it was; but she's obviously made a full recovery.'
she certainly has suffered, but she has clearly recovered from it.
It would be best to stop it now.
it's better to stop it from the beginning.
This category contains articles about taxa above the family in the order Testudines - the turtles .
This category is for reptiles of the order Testudines , the Turtles .
Later in his career , he is known to have won a prestigious `` Top ten Hong Kong dance award '' .
In 2004 , a string of concert dates earned Kwok a Hong Kong Dance Award presented by the Hong Kong Dance Alliance .
Yet he does not react when confronted with his favorite food.
still, she doesn't respond to her favorite meal.
Can not load the accounting ruleset "%1".
no rules could be loaded for posting "% 1.
Start thinking about your new wife
Start with asking your wife, and go from there.
I'll get the car picked up from the woods.
I'm going to the woods for the car.
Just go to iTunes and find iPod and put the music on it again.
Connect the Ipod to the computer, open Itunes and find the music store.
To suit the interests of the Teatro de la Zarzuela , the Orchestra underwent gradual restructuring to regain its quality .
After Franco 's death the orchestra became the official orchestra for the Teatro de la Zarzuela .
He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969 .
In 1968 and 1969 , Ayers became well-known as a head of the SDS .
I love that movie, especially when performed as a play. We should start a fan club!
maybe you could start you own site/ fan club i know i love the show.
Atticus is every high school boy's hero.
You see, Atticus is my kind of man.
Important to note are the spectacular changes in handwriting style... ...tone, point of view.
conspicuous changes to writing, style, and opinions are important.
Realize the truth of the matter.
This is the honest truth.
During this period , powerful feudal lords encouraged the establishment of serfdom as a source of agricultural labor .
During this time , feudal lords worked to make serfdom the common way for people to live .
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Woman at table busy with something.
Kennedy ran , firing as he sought cover moving from tree to tree .
Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him .
As mentioned above this book is very typical Molly Harper.
This was a very typical Molly Harper book, a cute and humorous paranormal romance.
Helsinki is also an important regional city on the Baltic Sea and northern Europe .
A poetic name for Helsinki is `` the daughter of the Baltic Sea '' .
There's nothing higher than us for miles, or whatever you call those things!
miles, or whatever it is called, is no higher than us!
Man in an orange vest is sitting down in front of a computer at a desk.
A man in an orange shirt is talking into a mic by a computer.
To find the relative minor of a particular key go down a minor third from the tonic of the major key .
When a piece of music is in a major key , the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature .
What was that intended to accomplish?
What was the point of that??
It is not an SI unit but is accepted for use with the SI .
Unlike the second , the hour is not an SI unit .
Overall, I truly enjoyed the book.
I giggled through most of this book.
Believe me,I won't let it out of my sight.
trust me, I'll keep my eyes out of it.
Between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .
He helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .
You cannot win domestic wars (even non-violent ones) through legal processes alone.
internal war (even non-violent) cannot be won only with the help of law and law.
I... was acquainted... my sister was governess in his family.
we were... acquaintances... My sister was among them...
I have the same problem!
Yes, that is certainly a problem.
unable to delete the icon view configuration.
The icon view encountered an error while starting up.
Is that a Star of David bikini top?
That's a sparkly star of David you've got.
I had to think about the problem.
In the afternoon they came by a large town.
they passed a great city this afternoon.
A dam assault had been discussed at one of those meetings.
one of them was talking about the attack on the dam.
Two crew workers in orange and yellow safety gear are holding a long, thick road that runs over the edge of a structure.
Two construction workers in orange vests and helmets surrounded by yellow warning tape are working on mixing paint or concrete.
Dairy products are generally defined as foods produced from cow 's milk .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Octavian is thrown out , and Sophie is sent to her room .
Octavian has fallen in love with Sophie , and Sophie with him .
A dog and its owner takes a run.
dogs playing with their owner by a pond
Kim Yu-Na began skating when she was seven years old with her older sister .
Kim Yu-Na was born in 1990 in Bucheon , Gyeonggi-do , and moved to Gunpo when she was 6 years old .
They ain't going to sink this battleship, no way.
no way she's drowning this ship.
I have nothing to do now that school is out for Spring break!
I'm going back to U.K. because spring break is over.
During his reign as regent , Zhuge Liang set Shu Han 's objective as to restore the Han Dynasty .
After the death of Liu Bei , Zhuge Liang became the chancellor of Shu Han under Liu Shan , Liu Bei 's son .
It carries with it a very distinctive feeling, no?
he brings a pretty specific feeling, doesn't he?
I think this is the essence of Lovecraft, horror on the grandest scale.
However, if you're only a casual horror fan, I'd skip Lovecraft.
Ethan and Merit fight (again, ugh, I hate this).
There is no way, no way at all, Ethan could be this old and this immature.
Praise to District Court Judge Larry Hendricks for blocking that ridiculous anti-abortion law in Kansas
Your life, your body, your choice. #womenshealth #womensrights
Resh is the twentieth letter of many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic alphabet .
Samekh or Simketh is the fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Hebrew , and Aramaic , representing .
So, I'm not married. I don't think I'm ever gonna get married.
and I guess I'll never get married.
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Especially in business archives , records management is separate from the historic aspect of archives .
Archives are different from libraries in that archives hold records which are unique .
Of course, then just put them on your iPod, and voila!
Click on the Media Player, then start ripping stuff from the disk. Let it finish and you are done.
MEADIA PLAYER CLICK IT START RIPING STUFF OUT OF DA DISK YOR R DONE LET IT FINSH !!!
As the number of protons increases , so does the ratio of neutrons to protons necessary to ensure a stable nucleus .
For this reason , one or more neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to be bound into a nucleus .
They won 2002 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , completing their set of medals from that event .
They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002 .
As of 2000 , the population was 15,342 .
The population of Sherwan is over 15,000 .
She was buried in Westminster Abbey .
She was also buried at the Speyer Cathedral .
Well, it's got its own web site.
all right, they got it on the website.
See Old Shawneetown , Illinois for the historical village .
Shawneetown is a city of Illinois in the United States .
three men are playing chess .
two men are playing chess .
a man is skating .
the man is playing the piano .
a man is playing on a guitar and singing .
a woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing .
a man is running on the road .
a panda dog is running on the road .
a dog is trying to get bacon off his back .
a dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back .
a woman is writing .
a man pours oil into a pot .
a man pours wine in a pot .
a girl is playing a guitar .
a woman is eating something .
a woman is eating meat .
a woman is dancing and singing with other women .
a woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
a man is slicing a bun .
a lion is playing with people .
a lion is playing with two men .
someone is carving a statue .
a man is carving a statue .
a woman is playing an electric guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a baby tiger is playing with a ball .
a baby is playing with a doll .
a person is slicing a tomato .
a person is slicing some meat .
a man is playing the piano .
a woman is playing the violin .
a man is cutting up a potato .
a man is cutting up carrots .
a man is playing an electric guitar .
a man is cutting and onion .
a cat is playing a key board .
a man is playing two keyboards .
a kid plays with a toy phone .
a little boy plays with a toy phone .
a man is riding a motorcycle .
a man is dancing .
a man is talking .
a tiger cub is making a sound .
a tiger is walking around .
a person is peeling an onion .
a woman is peeling an apple .
a person is peeling an eggplant .
a boy is singing and playing the piano .
a boy is playing the piano .
a woman is slicing tomato .
a man is slicing onion .
a man swims underwater .
a woman is swimming underwater .
a man and woman are talking .
a man and woman is eating .
the men are playing cricket .
the men are playing basketball .
the man talked on the telephone .
the man is talking on the phone .
a man is fishing .
a man is exercising .
a man is levitating .
two boys are driving .
two bays are dancing .
a monkey is riding a bike .
a man is slicing potatoes .
a woman is peeling potato .
someoen is playing guitar .
a woman is slicing ginger .
a man is playing the flute .
the man is playing the violin .
a woman is slicing up some meat .
a woman is breading some meat .
someone is sitring noodles in water .
a woman is flipping pancakes .
a cartoon chef is flipping pancakes .
a man is talking on a phone .
a woman is dancing .
a man is eating .
a man is spinning .
a monkey is swinging from limb to limb .
a monkey is swinging from tree to tree .
a boy is playing an instrument .
a man is playing a trumpet .
a woman plays the guitar .
a man sings and plays the guitar .
a woman is picking a can .
a woman is slicing a tomato .
a man is lifting a car .
a man is climbing a wall .
a cat is playing a piano .
a woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road .
a man is riding a motor scooter .
someone is slicing a vegetable .
someone is slicing a tomato .
a dog licks up a baby 's drool .
a man is rowing a boat .
a man is slicing a tomato .
a man is walking slowly across a rope bridge .
a boy is walking across a bridge .
a man is cutting a fish .
a man guts a fish .
a man is slicing something .
a man is paddling a canoe .
a man is playing a harp .
the woman picked up the kangaroo .
a woman picks up a baby kangaroo .
a person is surfing a large wave .
a person is surfing .
a man is stabbing a target .
a man is playing a flute in a band .
a group of people dance on a hill .
a group of people are dancing .
a man is dancing outside .
a man is playing flute .
a woman is feeding a man .
a woman is mixing meat .
a man is putting a pan into an oven .
a woman is sitting at a desk .
a woman is riding a donkey .
medics transport a patient on a stretcher .
a doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher .
a woman is playing a flute on stage .
two baby pandas are playing .
two pandas are laying together .
a boy is playing a piano .
a man is folding paper .
three women are dancing .
the man is dancing .
the cats are playing with each other .
two cats are fighting each other .
a person is writing .
a person is writing with a pencil .
a man is running .
a man is running down a road .
the woman is rolling dough .
a woman is flouring and rolling dough .
a woman is adding spices on a meat .
woman is adding sugar to meat .
a woman is adding oil on fishes .
a woman is pouring water on fish .
a young boy is holding a guitar .
an orangutan is riding a bus .
a monkey is riding on a bus .
a man and a woman talk in a diner .
a man and a woman are riding on a bicycle .
a man is cleaning a glass door .
a girl is singing and playing a guitar .
a young man is singing while playing the guitar .
a woman is doing weight exercises .
a woman is doing her hair .
a man is getting inside a car .
an elderly man is getting into a red car .
a cat is playing keyboards .
the man used a chopper to chop the onion .
the man used a machine to chop up a potatoe .
a herd of deer are crossing the street .
a herd of caribou are crossing a road .
someone is feeding a animal .
someone is playing a piano .
someone is slicing tortila 's .
someone is riding a horse .
someone is mixing ingrediants .
someone is sewing things .
a woman holds a kangaroo .
a woman is picking up a kangaroo .
a man is playing with frogs
a cat is playing with a camera .
two men are talking .
two men are playing guitar .
a man spreads butter on a big piece of bread .
a man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread .
a man is running across a high wire .
a man is running on rope .
a man is mowing a lawn .
a woman is cutting a lemon .
a man is opening a door .
a man is punching through boards .
a dog is running through water .
a man is eating bread .
two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio .
foxes are eating from a plate .
a man is spitting .
someoen is peeling a potato .
a man is swimming .
a woman is slicing meat .
a man plays an acoustic guitar .
a woman is slicing a pumpkin .
a woman is riding an elephant .
a woman is kneading dough .
a woman is placing skewers onto a rack .
someone is greasing a pan .
smeone is laying down .
a man is draining pasta .
a woman is drinking vodka .
a woman is exercising .
a man is rinsing a steak .
a man is selling items .
a man is cleaning the house .
a man is jumping a wall .
a man jumps onto a short wall .
runners race around a track .
runners compete in a race .
a man is kicking a soccer ball .
a man is mixing a bowl .
a woman is frying something .
a cat is licking a sucker .
a woman is slicing cucumber .
a woman is dancing by a fire .
the man is slicing a fish open .
a man is slicing a potato .
butter is melting in a pan .
a man is melting butter in a pan .
three boys are dancing .
kids are dancing .
a woman is playing a game with a man .
a man is playing piano .
the man is driving a white car .
a man is giving an interview .
a car backs out of a space .
a car is backing out of a blocked lane .
the man played his guitar .
a man is walking on a rope .
a man is riding a mo-pad .
a band is playing on a stage .
a dog is looking into swimming pool .
a dog is walking around a pool .
a man is cutting tomatoes into pieces .
a woman is cutting some vegetables .
three teenage girls danced in the room .
some teenage girls are dancing for the camera .
a lion is walking .
a lion is pacing in a pen .
a man shooting a car .
a woman is deveining shrimp .
a man is dancing in rain .
a woman is washing a freezer .
a man walks down a path .
a man walks across a tight rope .
a woman is cutting a jalepeno .
a dog is barking at a ball .
a dog swims after a tennis ball .
a kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole .
a little kid is running around a fishing pole .
a man is walking along a path through wilderness .
a man is walking down a road .
an elderly man is speaking at a podium .
a man is making a speech at the podium .
a man riding a horse in slow motion .
a man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife .
a woman is slicing meat with a knife .
a woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board .
a woman is feeding her baby with a bottle .
a man is riding a skateboard .
a woman is cutting a potato .
a woman is taking a shower .
a man is riding a white horse .
a man is shooting off a gun .
a man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling .
a man is swinging on a rope .
a woman is riding a horse on a beach .
a man is carrying another man on his back .
a man holds a small animal in one hand .
a man shows off a small monkey .
a person is folding a square paper piece .
a person is frying meat in a pan .
a person is holding a skunk .
a chimpanzee is hurting a woman .
the woman is peeling shrimp .
the man is holding a lemur .
a woman is slicing butter .
some men are playing guitars .
three men are playing guitars and singing together .
the elephants sprayed water on themselves .
elephants spray themselves with water .
a dog sat at the counter of a store .
the dog is standing at the counter .
someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill .
a man drills a hole in a piece of wood .
a woman is slicing some vegetables .
a woman is water skiing on a lake .
a girl is playing a violin .
a woman is cutting up a chicken .
a woman is cutting a cucumber .
a woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd .
a woman rides an elephant .
a dog is walking along the edge of a pool .
a woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass .
a woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon .
a man is drawing a picture .
a person is drawing .
a woman is picking tomatoes .
a woman is pouring batter into a bowl .
a man is looking at a computer monitor .
a man is using a laptop .
the boy is riding a tricycle .
a woman is riding a water scooter .
two men compete in a tire rolling race .
two people flipped tractor tires in a race .
a person is cutting a meat .
a person riding a mechanical bull
a man is playing a violin .
the baby crawled through the doorway .
a baby is crawling across the floor .
a man is playing keyboard .
a person is playing a piano .
a man is smelling two pizzas .
a monkey pulls the tail of a dog .
a monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo .
a woman is frying something in the pan .
a man is playing his guitar .
an elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan .
a tied man is putting into water .
a woman is chopping an onion .
a woman is slicing partially into half of an onion .
a woman is carrying a kangaroo .
a dog biting on a can .
a dog opens a can of food .
a woman is deboning a fish .
a man catches a fish .
a man is busting concrete .
a cat is watching a tv .
a man is slicing a leave .
the boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse .
a child is stuck in a dog house .
people flip into a swimming pool .
men are falling into a pool .
an airplane is flying in the air .
a south african airways plane is flying in a blue sky .
a bear is running from two dogs .
a bear is fighting wolves .
a man is dieing in an operating room .
a man is kissing a woman in stage .
a man is holding a leaf .
a woman is watching television .
a person is riding a horse .
a woman is slicing potatoes .
a woman is slicing octopus .
a man is breaking water jugs .
a woman is peeling garlic .
a woman is cutting vegetable .
a girl is eating a cupcake .
people ride and paddle a raft .
four people are floating on a raft .
the lady cut up a potatoe .
the missile exploded .
a rocket exploded .
a dog is playing in the snow .
a dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it .
a woman is dancing with other women .
a woman is shredding chicken .
a boy is pushing a van .
a boy is making some dance steps .
a boy is pouring something from a pitcher .
a woman is opening a soda and drinking it .
a woman is riding on an elephant .
a man is assembling speaker parts .
raccoons are eating .
someone fell off a horse .
a man gets knocked off of a horse .
a woman peels an apple .
a man pops wheelies on a motorcycle .
a man is taking some math classes .
animals are playing in water .
two men are playing ping pong .
a man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles .
a person is doing pencil tricks with his hand .
a person is slicing carrots in half .
the person lit the cameras on fire .
a person is blow torching cameras .
a man is fishing in the river .
a man is singing while walking down the sidewalk .
a woman is dancing in the street .
a man is doing push-ups .
a woman is cutting some octopus .
a woman is slicing up some pork .
the little boy is singing and playing the guitar .
a baby is playing a guitar .
a woman is powdering her face .
the woman is tapping her fingers on the table .
a lion is walking around .
a woman is firing a rifle .
a man is performing stunts .
a woman puts a garland over a man 's shoulders .
a man pours water over a pilots head .
an old woman is shaking hand with a man .
a man and a woman shake hands .
the woman is waterskiing .
a woman is wake boarding on a lake .
trees are bending in storm .
trees are hit by very hard winds .
a man and woman is riding in a car .
a woman is frying shrimp .
a man is moving a tree limb .
the woman is playing the violin .
a person pours oil on a skillet .
a person is dicing an onion .
the animal is eating .
a girl is making eyelid .
a woman is applying eyeshadow .
two men are fighting using a form of martial arts .
the military officer barked at the recruits .
an officer is talking to recruits .
the man is putting chicken into the container .
a man is putting foods in a box .
a man is tying on a stenographers machine .
the man used a stenograph .
a woman is adding pasta to a pot of water .
a woman is making noodles .
a woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book .
a woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too .
two puppies are playing with each other .
some men are playing soccer .
a man is running on a field .
a man is hugging someone .
a man is taking a picture .
someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot .
a man puts vegetables into a pot .
a couple are walking .
some men are sawing .
a person is adding food in a pan .
a woman puts rice into a pan .
a group of penguins is walking .
a large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean .
someone is handling a bun .
a man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink .
a man is emptying a plastic container .
a man is walking with a horse .
a man is leading a horse around by it 's halter .
a person peels shrimp .
the lady peeled the shrimp .
a man tries to read the paper .
a man making a bed in a hotel .
a man is holding a animal .
the dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg .
a monkey pulled a dogs tail .
a woman beats two eggs in a bowl .
a person is mixing ingredients in a bowl .
a man is jumping rope outside .
a woman is slicing a cucumber .
a person is slicing some onions .
a hamster is singing .
a man in a hat sings a song .
a woman is cooking something .
a woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan .
a woman is swimming in the beach .
a woman splashes around in the ocean 's waves .
a man is carrying another man .
a man sprays another man with water from a hose .
the woman is putting paste into a dish .
a woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl .
a man is holding up and talking about a gray you tube t-shirt .
a man is showing a t shirt .
someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .
the man poured oil on the tomato slices .
the man played his guitar with a friend .
a person is peeling a potato .
a cat is licking a small bottle .
a cat is jumping into a box .
a young man is talking to a leaf .
the woman is seasoning the oil .
a woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl .
a cat is sliding upside down under a couch .
a cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it 's back .
a woman dances while a man plays the keyboard .
a woman is dancing on a stage .
a chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup .
a man is wiping the edge of a bowl off .
an explosion is booming in the desert .
a nuclear weapon explodes in a desert .
a woman slices a lemon .
a man is talking into a microphone .
an overweight man is skipping rope .
a young man is dancing .
the lady cracked two raw eggs .
a man sharpens a pencil using a knife .
plastic toys are floating in water .
the ladies are performing a dance .
the turtle followed the fish .
a sea turtle is hunting for fish .
the girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid .
a dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders .
a man is spreading out dough .
a dog is running on the ground .
a girl is tapping her finger nails .
a man is petting a tied up dog .
a man is showing his dog to the camera .
a woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them .
a man is walking with several dogs .
a woman is mincing some garlic .
a person is cleaning a disk .
two teams are playing soccer .
different sets of teams are playing football on a field .
a rat like creature is smelling around .
an animal is walking on the ground .
two sumo ringers are fighting each other .
a man rides a water toy in the water .
a man lays on the ground and aims a rifle .
a man is spreading butter on a tortilla .
a couple are running towards the ocean .
a man and and woman are running together , holding hands .
a woman is chopping a hard egg .
a person is cutting boiled egg into pieces .
a cat is trying to touch a dog .
the cat teased the dog by touching his head .
the man drove his little red car around the traffic .
the dog ran in the water at the beach .
a man is cutting bread .
a man is doing tricks with a soccer ball .
a cat rapidly swats a kid in the head .
a cat and a boy play together .
a cat is playing in a box .
the dog is playing with the floor cleaner .
the couple danced in the church .
a couple slow dances .
a man is patting an alligator on the mouth .
a person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove .
a person checks some rice pudding .
a horse is running .
a woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl .
a young girl is singing on a stage .
a man pours cleaner in his sink .
a woman is speaking in sign language .
a woman spices some seafood .
a boy is crawling into a dog house .
a cat is playing on the floor .
the girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill .
a girl loses her kite .
a woman is placing food in a pot of hot water .
a woman is frying meat .
a small monkey walks through water .
a monkey is wading across a marsh .
a panda bear is eating .
a young man is singing and playing the piano .
the man is writing a letter .
a boy takes off his sunglasses .
a boy is screaming .
a girl is playing a piano .
a boy is doing push ups .
someone is holding a hedgehog .
a onion is being sliced .
a woman is grilling pineapples .
a cat is drinking some water .
a truck is going down a hill .
a person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork .
a youngster is sitting on a piano .
the man sat in his chair and stared .
the little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail .
a woman is dicing a potato .
a woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces .
a baby is crawling happily .
a baby sneezed and scared another baby .
a person is frying a meat in the pan .
a man is cutting a vegetable .
a man is looking out of a window .
a woman is swimming in the water .
a man seated is playing the guitar .
a man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone .
a woman is slicing an onion with a knife .
a man is preparing some dish .
a boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light .
the man is exercising .
a man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums .
a person is petting a monkey .
a man is holding a slow loris .
the hedgehog chewed on the towel .
a hedgehog is biting at a blanket .
a cat is licking himself .
a man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer .
a small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor .
a guinea pig eats a carrot .
four boys are standing in front of the burning car .
four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them .
a woman is adding sauce to some food .
a person is cutting leaves .
three children are eating their food .
a submarine is going through water .
a baby is falling asleep .
a man is running on a street .
a person is slicing an onion .
a cat is pooping into a toilet .
a badger is digging in the dirt .
a man is moving large rocks .
a woman is slicing big pepper .
a dog is moving its mouth .
a man and a woman are kissing each other .
a man and a woman are talking to each other .
a small boy is playing with a dog .
a baby is playing with a dog .
a woman is cutting a tomato .
a kid is playing a guitar .
a man is dicing an onion .
a girl is singing on stage .
a man is singing on stage .
a woman is handling a frog .
a man is holding a frog .
two women are on a couch .
two women are hugging on a couch .
a person folds a tortilla .
a man folds a tortilla .
a person is driving a car .
a woman is chopping garlic .
a man is crying .
a man is screaming .
a man is cutting a plantain .
a man is mixing .
women are talking .
the men are talking .
a girl is putting gel in her hair .
a woman is putting gel on her hair .
a group of people are marching in place .
a group of people are dancing in concert .
the woman is shooting a machine gun .
the man is shooting a gun .
someone is slicing a onion .
a woman is eating a cupcake .
a man is chopping an onion .
the man is playing a guitar .
a person is cutting a capsicum into pieces .
a person is slicing a garlic into pieces .
a man is talking with a woman .
a woman is walking with a dog .
the man is walking .
someone is pouring oil into a skillet .
someone is pouring milk into a blender .
a man is playing two pianos .
a girl is exercising .
a person is slicing a scallop .
a person is slicing octopus .
a man and a woman are riding on their bicycles .
a man and woman are riding a motorcycle .
a woman is adding oil to a pan .
a man is praying .
a car is parking .
a cat is playing .
a man is singing .
a man is carrying another man over his shoulder .
a man is carrying someone on his shoulder .
a woman is slicing a potato .
someone is peeling a potato .
a woman is slicing a carrot .
a girl is styling her hair .
a girl is filing her nails .
two people are riding a motorcycle .
two people are riding a bike .
a man is playing a guitar and singing .
a man is walking in the rain .
a man and woman is walking in the grand .
a woman is eating .
a animal is eating .
a boy and a girl is dancing in the rain .
a man and woman is dancing in the rain .
two roosters are fighting .
a woman is cutting meat .
the woman is slicing herbs .
the man is slicing bread .
a baby elephant is eating .
a baby elephant eats a sapling .
a boy whacks a man with a sword .
a boy spanks a man with a plastic sword .
a person is slicing a carrot into pieces .
a person is cutting an onion into pieces .
a man is writing in a book .
a man is writing on a paper .
a woman is slicing a garlic .
a woman is slicing a big pepper .
a person is making a bed .
a person is eating at a table .
the woman is smoking .
the man erased what the other man had on the board .
the man erased the work on the board .
a man is riding a motorcycle through a town .
a man is riding a motorcycle on the highway .
a woman is slicing some onions .
someone is slicing fruit .
a woman is dancing in a cage .
a man is mooing .
a cat stares into the camera .
a cat addresses the camera .
a woman is dancing in railway station .
a woman is cutting an apple .
a woman is cutting potato .
the man is playing with a skull .
a solenodon is walking along the ground .
a little girl is playing a grand piano on stage .
a little girl is playing the piano .
a group of people dancing
a group of men are dancing .
a woman is playing guitar .
a woman is slicing a onion .
a woman is washing her hands .
a woman is straightening her hair .
a woman fires a shotgun .
a man is dangling a mouse near a snake .
a man is feeding a mice to a snake .
a man and a woman are walking in the woods .
a man and woman are walking through the jungle .
someone is peeling a banana .
the men are performing on stage .
the comedic mimes performed on stage .
a cartoon woman dives into a pool .
a cartoon woman is diving off a board .
someone is frying meat .
someone is playing paino .
a man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife .
a person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife .
a woman is adding ingredients to a bowl .
a woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl .
a skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe .
a man skateboards on a half pipe .
a man is speaking on a stage .
a man is speaking at a podium .
a man in a hat is playing a harp .
a person is cutting a potato .
a person is slicing a shallot .
two men are dancing .
two women are shopping .
someone is seasoning eggs .
someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl .
a man is swinging in a rope .
a gibbon is swinging in the trees .
a man is cutting tomatoes .
a woman is boiling shrimp .
a woman is combing her hair .
a man cuts a potato .
a man is dancing on the road .
a girl dances in the rain .
a woman is writing a letter .
a gorilla is playing the drums .
a monkey is playing drums .
a woman is riding on a horse .
the boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors .
a boy cuts grass with scissors .
a man with glasses is talking .
a man in a library is talking .
a woman is cutting some flowers .
a person is walking down a stone path .
a man is walking down a sidewalk .
the animal is hopping .
a man is running with a bus .
a man runs with a truck .
a man is sitting on a rock .
a cat is playing the piano .
a cat is licking its paw .
a woman is adding oil to a dish .
men are running a race .
racers are running down a track .
a woman is cutting potatoes .
a woman is applying eye liner .
a woman is slicing carrots .
the woman is thinly slicing a cucumber .
the woman is slicing a tomato .
a person is slicing a bread pieces .
a man is slicing bread .
a woman is cutting a squash .
a woman is cutting big pepper .
a woman is grating carrots .
a woman is coating a pork chop .
someone is cleaning a animal .
a man is talking on the phone .
a woman is smoking .
a woman is making some food .
a man is being put into an abulance .
a man is pouring pasta onto a plate .
a man is diving into a swimming pool .
a man is singing into a microphone .
a man playing the guitar .
a man is peeling potato .
the woman is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse in an arena .
an airplane moves along a runway .
a plane is landing on a runway .
a woman is slipping in the water-tub .
a woman is lying in a raft .
a woman is hitting a man .
a man is laying on the ground .
a woman is doing ballet .
a woman is rowing a boat .
a woman is stirring rice in a pot .
someone is putting rice in a pan .
a woman puts slabs of meat in a pan .
a man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag .
a woman is cutting a carrot .
a man is slicing vegetables .
a man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot .
the woman is slicing fish cake .
a woman is cooking shrimp .
a woman tosses a cat in the air , and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling .
a person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling .
a man is burning a flag .
the man is pushing the van .
the woman is singing .
a man is eating wood .
a man is adding oil to car .
a dog is speaking to the camera .
a dog is eating some water melon .
a man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate .
a man is putting papers on a dish .
a man and woman are walking .
a man and woman walking hold each other .
the man is singing and playing the guitar .
a man is cutting a paper .
a person is tearing paper .
a rat is running .
two boys are talking on the phone .
a woman is talking on a telephone .
a woman is peeling a tuber .
a women slicing lemons .
a man is playing soccer .
a man is drawing some figures .
a woman is peeling an orange .
someone is cracking an egg open .
a man is breaking an egg .
a man is cutting a snake to cook .
a woman is scraping a carrot .
a man is striking clay pots .
a man and woman are bollywood dancing .
a man an woman are dancing in the rain .
a woman is cutting flowers .
a man is holding huge sunflowers .
the man danced in the diner .
the bomb exploded in the desert .
a lion is walking in an enclosed area .
a woman is slicing a lemon .
a man is showing a bread .
a woman is slicing some tuna .
a dog is barking at an electronic toy duck .
a woman is adding an egg and stirring .
a woman is mixing an egg in a bowl .
a woman covers a piece of meat with flour .
a woman is seasoning a piece of meat .
a white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window .
a cat , perched on a table , looks out the window .
a man does floor exercises .
a man is slicing a potatoe .
a man is peeling a banana .
someone is playing piano .
a person is playing a keyboard piano .
the woman is putting makeup on the man .
a woman is painting the face of a man .
a man is playing a musical instrument .
a woman , in a kitchen , peels a lemon .
a tiger trys to climb the wall .
a lion is trying to climb up over a wall .
a woman dances on a stage .
the girl is riding the horse .
the girl is spraying the plants with water .
a person is frying .
a man is shooting a pistol .
a woman is swinging her arms .
a man is walking outside .
a man dries his hands .
a woman fixes her hair .
a soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field .
a soccer player kicks the ball into the goal .
a girl is playing the piano .
a man is drawing on a digital dry erase board .
the monkey is hanging from the trees .
the monkey swung from branch to branch .
some children are jumping on trampoline .
two boy are playing on a trampoline .
a man is putting anti-freeze into a car .
a man is slicing a carrot by a machine .
a boy played a keyboard .
a person is playing a piano keyboard .
a cat is playing with an antenna .
a boy is playing in the mud .
a woman is slicing pumpkin .
a person is slicing cantaloupe .
a gun is being fired .
a potato is being peeled .
a woman is cutting a plastic sheet .
a woman is playing a guitar on streets .
a woman adds ingredients to beef .
a cook seasons some dough .
a man is seasoning some dough in a pan .
a boy is running on a beach .
two boys are playing in the beach .
a baby monkey scratches itself .
the monkey scratched his tummy .
a boy is riding a bike on a gate .
a man is doing a card trick .
a man is squeezing water .
someone is playing guitar .
a person is mixing water and flour .
a person is hitchhiking on a road .
the two dogs were in the pen .
the cowboy rode his horse in the desert .
a man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle .
a person is performing tricks on a motorcycle .
a big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside .
a man is opening a box using a knife .
a man is kicking oots of water .
a woman is slicing a red pepper .
a woman is rock climbing .
a puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back .
a dog is rolling from side to side .
a young boy sings and plays a guitar .
a kid plays the guitar .
the woman is peeling lemon .
the man is balancing on the wire .
someone is playing with a toad .
a dog is looking around
a dog is watching a store counter .
a man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife .
someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper .
someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat .
a man is placing meat in a bag .
a man is drivong a car .
a man is buttering bread .
a woman is ridint a horse .
a woman is squeezing some cucumber slices .
a woman is getting doused in green slime .
a man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box .
the man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box .
the man added vegetables to the broth in the pot .
a man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water .
the man ran and jumped against the wall .
a man jumps into a wall .
the man is seasoning the sausages .
a clown is singing and people are dancing .
a clown is singing .
a woman is feeding an aardvark .
a boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence .
a bmx biker rides along the top of a fence .
a man is throwing knives at a tree .
a man is showing magic .
girls are walking on the stage .
women models are walking down a catwalk .
a woman is exercising with a barbell .
a man is hiking .
a large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something .
a bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it 's beak and puts the cup into a bowl .
a woman is in the rain .
a car is driving along the road .
a man is lifting himself .
a woman is exercising her abs .
a person is riding a jetski in the waves .
a woman is riding a seadoo .
a woman is wearing headphones .
a woman is chopping some shiso leaves .
a woman is reading a lifestyle magazine .
a woman is slicing a meat into pieces .
a man is pouring chili into a bowl .
a man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl .
the bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl .
a bird is eating from a bowl .
a group of girls are exiting a taxi .
a video clip of rihanna leaving a taxi .
a man is loading a rifle with bullets .
a man is chopping coriander leaf .
a man takes a slice of pizza .
a man talks on his cell phone .
a man is placing meat inside a plastic bag .
a woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag .
a rabbi is talking .
a man rides a horse .
a woman rubs a baby 's leg .
a man is breaking pots .
a woman dips a shrimp in batter .
the dog played with a bug on the carpet .
a dog is barking .
a jet is flying .
a monkey is walking on a bed .
a woman is cooking broccoli .
a man is eating his food .
a man is frying a tortilla .
a person is performing a card trick .
a woman serving volleyballs over a net .
one woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them .
a man is slicing cucumber with a knife .
a man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet .
a man is playing an electronic keyboard .
a band is playing instruments .
a man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword .
a man is cutting a boot with a sword .
people are walking in the garden .
one boy is talking with other man .
a young child rides a horse .
the little girl rode a horse .
a person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife .
someone is putting ingredients into a wok .
a man is folding a piece of paper .
a man is slicing a plastic container with a sword .
the man was pushed into the water .
a man pushes another man into the ocean .
a boy is upset playing video games .
someone is playing a gameboy .
a man is speaking on a phone .
a panda bear is chewing on a stick .
a woman feeds an animal by hand .
the women are feeding the animal .
several ferrets climb out of their cage .
ferrets climb down from a shelf .
a young woman is playing the flute .
a woman is washing off the top of a freezer .
the woman is shooting a rifle .
a dog is opening a fridge .
a dog closes a refrigerator door .
a woman is holding a dancing baby up .
a woman is abusing her child .
a woman is doing a joker make up on a man .
the girl applied face makeup to a man .
the lady added cheese to the sauce .
a man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce .
a man is giving a lecture on a podium .
a man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket .
the cat shimmied under the bed .
a cat is crawling upside down under the couch .
a woman slices a fish .
a man is cutting grass .
a masked man sings .
a boy runs away from his fishing line .
a boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod .
the man played haki sak in the office .
the man is seasoning the vegetables .
a man is taking pictures of ant .
meat is dropped into a pan .
a woman is putting meat in a pan .
a woman is cutting scallions .
a woman falls on a sand castle .
a man is slam dunking a ball .
a machine is sharpening a pencil .
a girl is riding a bicycle .
a woman is brushing her feet .
the sun is rising behind trees .
a man is cleaning the windows .
a person is stirring rice .
a woman is cracking an egg .
a man puts a knife in a vice .
a woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife .
a man is adding pork chops to a pan .
the men are fighting each other .
the man drew on the white paper .
a man is catching a ball .
a girl is reading a newspaper .
a chef is peeling a potato .
a slow loris bites a persons fingers .
a small animal is chewing on a finger .
a man is peeling an onion .
a guy is singing while playing his guitar .
some men are skating on the road .
two boys are skate boarding .
a man pours liquid into a pan .
the chef poured oil in the pan .
a boy is playing piano and singing .
a pig is agitating a lion .
a monkey is walking through the water .
a guy is playing a trumpet .
a band is singing .
a dog is driving a car .
a guy is talking into a microphone .
the man sang on stage into the microphone .
a man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing .
a car is taking reverse .
a man is traveling in a boat .
a woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife .
the man rode his motorcycle down the highway .
a person is driving a motorcycle on a road .
a man performs on a stage .
the women are sitiing down .
two women are sitting close to each other and talking .
a man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet .
a man removes food from a bag .
a man ties a noose .
a man is meditating .
the man is riding the horse .
a boy is cutting paper .
a man is loading a rifle .
a man is opening a package containing headphones .
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs .
a person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet .
an animal is walking .
a woman is applying eye makeup .
someone is scratching an animals belly .
a woman is stroking a lemur .
a man is lifting heavy weights .
a wallaby is licking a woman 's hand .
a boy is playing with a toy .
a boy plays a handheld game .
a man dives off of a cliff .
a man is coming out into the water .
a man rises from a swamp .
a man and woman dance .
a man is petting a dog .
a man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom .
the man swept the empty living room .
a group of couples are dancing .
men and women are dancing slowly .
a man is scaling a fish .
a man pours some cooking oil into a pot .
the man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach .
a man is taking pictures of a lake .
someone is holding and petting a baby tiger .
someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink .
the cat cleaned his face with his paw .
the man did pushups on a wall .
the man tased the food .
a woman cuts up a vegetable .
a woman is slicing egg plant .
a person breaks an egg into a small bowl .
a man cracks an egg .
a man is playing keyboards .
a dog is running around a yard .
a black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house .
a child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up .
a woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her .
a man is adding oil to a pot .
a dog is catching a fish in a river .
the girl danced in front of the bonfire .
a woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire .
a man is chopping butter into a container .
a woman is cutting shrimps .
the man took off his sunglasses while talking .
a man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks .
the two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people .
boys are dancing in front of people .
the girl is tiding up her bed .
a woman is making a bed .
someoen is cooking onions .
a man is swinging nunchucks .
the girls danced on the stage .
a girl is putting on makeup .
a panda bear is laying down .
a baby panda relaxes on some logs .
a couple of policewomen are singing karaoke .
two women are dancing .
a man is putting broccoli into water .
the doctor was helping the patient .
doctors are trying to revive a man .
some is grating onion into water .
a person grates a potato into a bowl .
a baby is talking .
a boy is trying to say firetruck .
a woman boils eggs .
a woman places two eggs into a pot of water .
a woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg .
a man pours gasoline .
a woman is slicing mango .
a man is putting cheese on a tortilla .
a girl is slicing a butter into two pieces .
a woman is slicing tofu .
a person is slicing a meat into pieces .
a boy is playing a key-board between the people .
a little girl plays the violin on a beach .
the girl sat on the couch to crochet .
a monkey is karate kicking at someone 's gloved hand .
a monkey pratices martial arts .
a female applies something to he hair with her hands .
a cat is eating a slice of watermelon .
a man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves .
a man is kick boxing with a trainer .
the man is playing the wooden flute .
a little boy is vacuuming the floor .
a young woman is playing a guitar .
a woman cuts up some meat .
the men are playing soccer .
a woman is running on the beach .
a dog is swimming in a pool .
a man is straining pasta .
a man plays a wooden flute .
panda 's play on a swing .
a small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair .
a white cat stands on the floor .
a large boat in the water at the marina .
a large boat on the sea .
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook .
woman at table busy with something .
a side view of a horse 's head .
group of elderly people sitting around a table .
a kid jumping a ledge with a bike .
a black and white cat playing with a blanket .
a black dog standing in front of yellow flowers .
a black dog standing in a field .
a close up of a brown faced cat .
sheep standing in afield .
a sheep grazing in a field .
a longed-haired cat with it 's eyes closed .
a close up of a cat with its eyes closed .
a woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face .
a woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind .
a silver and blue amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station .
a small white car parked at the gas station .
a person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television .
a person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie .
a black and white photo of a woman showing a horse .
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls .
a pitched tent with a horse in the background .
a black and white lamb with other lambs in the background .
a school bus is driving uphill on a rural road .
a race care driving along a dirt road .
three young women standing in a room together .
a white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera .
the skinny cows are standing on the grass .
a group of sheep in a field .
a close-up , distorted photo of an empty glass coke bottle .
a close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it .
very crowded office desk with computer monitor on .
messy computer desk with two monitors .
a man sitting in a cluttered room .
a man lies in a bed in a cluttered room .
two white cows in a green pasture .
the tan horse is in the pasture .
four people sitting at a table .
a smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman .
two women sitting outside laughing .
a bird holding on to a metal gate .
a multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence .
the white ducks are standing on the ground .
a women laying across two men sitting on a sofa .
a man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa .
a woman with a big necklace .
a young woman with a black top and a necklace .
brown cow with horns standing in a field .
black and white cat lying under bush .
the black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt .
brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road .
a brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind .
a small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass .
a man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen .
a tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera .
a man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground .
black and white photo of couch with purse at one end .
two men on boat floating on the water .
large green boat floating on water.l .
this is a rear view of a chevrolet sports car .
the rear view of a red chevrolet concept car .
a person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .
a person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees .
a black and white photo of an old train station .
a black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground .
a grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric .
black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp .
three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it .
three men sitting at the table with beer and food .
two people dressed in white standing on a grass field .
a person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway .
a man is watching tv on the foot of his bed .
a man and small child in a living room posing for the camera .
a home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk .
a black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains .
a black car parked in the dirt out in the country .
a passenger train in the snow .
the black and white bull is looking at the camera .
a black and white dog looking at the camera .
a black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep .
little black and white calf with a tag on its ear .
a boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background .
the dining room table gets some afternoon sun .
dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates .
a red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti .
the red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building .
the seagull is floating on the water .
a little bird floating in the water .
an asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post .
five cows are grazing beside the road .
several sheep grazing in the field .
two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake .
two animals grazing next to a mountain , and a body of water .
black and white cows behind a fence .
two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .
a white animal running through snow covered woods .
a white dog runs through a snow covered wood .
a man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky .
the train is riding on the tracks in the snow .
a silver bicycle is parked in a living room .
a bicycle in a dining room .
man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch .
the bald eagle is perched on a rope .
the men are playing a guitar and having a drink .
there is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep .
red double decker bus with hood up .
a close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree .
a close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle .
a brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair .
a small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow .
two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera .
two sheep are standing , looking at the camera , face opposite directions .
a black and white photo of an empty train station .
a row of locomotives on a siding in a field .
a white apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom .
a boat with four sails is sailing on water .
small dog sitting next to white wall .
a victory liner bus is white with red and gold stripes .
a white tour bus with red , orange and yellow stripes .
a group of river barges with trees in the background .
a young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
a bmw motorcycle parked between two cars .
a potted plant in sunlight from a window .
a potted plant with only a few sprouting .
four people are rowing a boat near the shore .
four people are on a boat on green water .
a tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet .
there is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room .
a room with tan walls and a washer and dryer .
a large jet on the ground at the airport .
a passenger jet flies through the air .
a young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony .
a girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse .
people sitting on the porch .
people sitting on acouch .
two horses standing in a pen .
the red train and the yellow train on on the tracks .
two trains are traveling on the track .
a group of people sitting around a table on a porch .
a lamb stands near two tiny animals .
a sheep standing near her children .
a person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors .
a person jumping a motorbike in the air .
tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field .
many sheep standing on a green hill .
a field of black faced sheep .
a black faced sheep .
table with blue table cloth in kitchen .
wooden cabinets in kitchen .
a pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate .
a pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth .
a blue jay standing in a grassy field .
a yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky .
the white airplane is flying in the blue sky .
a women sitting in a chair at christmas holding make up .
a train sitting on the tracks in a train yard .
four asian young people sitting in a den or living room .
a girl sitting in a living chair .
a young woman dressed in black .
two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs .
group of people sitting at table with drinks .
a plane flying at a distance .
a woman with a white horse .
a group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears .
a passenger train coming into a station .
a large bird is flying through the air .
two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background .
two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background .
black train idle on the tracks .
a white jeep parked in front of a store .
a white jeep parked on a street .
two women standing in front of tour bus .
a man rides a large black motorbike .
a child sits in a large black leather chair .
people stand outside a bookstore .
two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them .
red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden .
a yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage .
a yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage .
two men sailing in a small sailboat .
a silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car .
feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background .
two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background .
a small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck .
the white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table .
a train sitting on the tracks near a field .
a women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera .
a small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera .
a buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner .
a bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost .
two red buses driving in front of a garden .
train pulling into a station .
man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain .
a man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man , which is in a cobble stone paved plaza .
a dog is wearing a gray jacket .
a dog laying in a pet jacket .
a woman in a black bikini top and jeans .
a woman in a black hat is standing by the subway .
the jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse .
man standing in front of yellow corvette .
the man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse .
a man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top .
a white cat standing on a carpet .
a sheep standing in a forest .
two brown horses standing in grassy field .
two sheep stand in a doorway .
two rams stand on snowy ground .
a line outside of a bookstore on a street .
the yellow motorcycle is parked on the street .
a passenger jet sits on a runway .
a large passenger jet flying close to the ground .
old green bottle sitting on a table .
three men in suits sitting at a table .
two white horses staring over a fence .
the black and white cows pause in front of the gate .
the white airplane is flying in the sky .
a pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table .
grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk .
a man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass .
white bus parked in grass in front of building .
a table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .
a school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background .
a man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small tv .
a man sits on a bed very close to a small television .
an airplane facing the camera .
a lone cow sits in the cold of the yard .
a person dressed in white on a brown horse .
the two dogs blend in with the stuff animals .
two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals .
a bird is flapping its wings in the water .
a large black bird is sitting in the water .
a cruise liner docked at a port .
a cruise ship docked at a coast .
a white bus partially in the snow on a public street .
a black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn .
a man on a mountain bike going down an incline .
this is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day .
a group of people having a drink .
two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead .
two woman pose in a dining room with a baby .
three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .
three sheep in middle of gravel road .
nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke .
a baby is sitting in the grass .
two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps .
two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross .
two women in the kitchen looking at a object .
two women in kitchen with one taking a picture .
a race horse galloping without a rider .
a horse galloping while wearing the number 4 .
a steam engine and train moving toward the camera .
a large bird of prey flying towards the camera .
a yellow bird perched on a branch .
boy with glasses typing on a computer .
a boy looking at a computer screen .
a red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame .
red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind .
a living room with table , chair and sofa alongside a large palm .
a living room with a blue sofa , camp bed , wooden bench and dresser .
an esso gas station with trees in the background .
a horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background .
three bottles are on a table .
a steam engine comes down a train track near trees .
bird sitting on a log in a lake .
two birds flying towards water feeder .
two birds flying near bird feeders .
two cows standing in a large field .
horse standing in a field .
a man is standing in front of a raised statue , .
two women sitting on brown couch .
two women standing outside of a bus .
the bird is sitting on the branch .
the sheep is standing under the trees .
a black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky .
a guy on a white horse .
there are several sheared sheep in a pen .
three white sheep in an enclosure .
a man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach .
a man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean 's shore .
ten sheep looking at the camera .
a cat on its back looking at the camera .
a small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera .
a black table with white fuzzy chair .
a woman with her child .
sailboat sailing on a cloudy day .
a girl riding on a brown and white horse .
a mostly black train on a track .
a car parked in front of train tracks .
a young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon .
a group of people in a living room .
a mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water .
a small child in a pink dress sits on a table .
the cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door .
than horse standing in a field in front of a fence .
a girl with a red bag standing on the street .
a black dog is staring at a sheep .
a horse rider is riding a white horse .
a woman leading a white horse .
a black and tan dog looks at a black sheep .
a black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen .
a room with several computers and pictures on the wall .
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high .
a man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him .
a white airplane is parked on the cement .
a dining table with candles , wine , and a teapot .
a wooden table is set with candles , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .
two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water .
two people in a red canoe on a clear lake .
a buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table .
a man fishing on a small boat while on a lake .
three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera .
two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man .
a multi-colored train on a track .
a white and red bus traveling on the street .
the red bus is on the street .
a red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down .
a wwii fighter plane with its landing gear down .
small boat going down a creek .
a boat moving in a river .
four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .
a group of people sit at a table in an italian restaurant .
two goats standing in a field by a tree .
a large boat pulling a small white boat .
a black and white photo of a living room with a large window , sofa , and chair .
a black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest .
close up of a brown horse with a blue halter .
a close up of a horse wearing a blue halter .
the birds are swimming in the water .
a close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .
a siamese cat resting on a white sofa .
a person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick .
a pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
a bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle .
the woman is sitting on the red motorcycle .
a close-up of a black train engine .
a train rides on his tracks .
the train comes down the track , between two rows of trees .
the television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting .
a television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room .
a man riding a small bicycle .
a man is doing a wheelie on a bike .
a woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table .
a person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day .
a close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle .
a woman poses with a baby .
a group of people sitting around a table containing food .
four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks .
two trains inside a train station .
a large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind .
person in grassy field tending to sheep .
a close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle .
close up of the rear of a red sports car .
a close-up of a yellow school bus .
a person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam .
a brown horse is standing on grass and scrub .
a bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field .
close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse .
a dog peaks out the back of a truck .
a dog is peeking out of the back of a van .
the black and white cat is looking up at the camera .
two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car .
a couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle .
a small white cat standing in a sink .
grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .
a man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle .
a man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle .
a small child smiling at the camera .
a small child sits on a cement wall near white flower .
a duck floating in the water .
old blue and white train on tracks .
a blue train in a mountainous area .
a kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table .
a small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth .
man playing guitar while sitting down .
red and white bus driving down road .
the brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks .
the white train is sitting on the tracks .
a black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .
a tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother .
a young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her .
a black and white cat lies in the dirt .
front and left side of a red double decker bus .
an old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .
a wooden yacht on the ocean .
two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa .
two motorbikes on a dirt track .
two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill .
two lambs stand on a grassy hill .
a man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .
a man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine .
large black and white cat resting on a windowsill .
a small white cat sitting in a sink .
a girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of corn flakes and a carton of milk .
a girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle .
a close up of a small cactus in a pot .
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy .
a black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .
a bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background .
a wooden bicycle with an awning .
a group of elderly people sitting around a dining table .
two brown horses standing in a green meadow .
a brown horse stands in tall grass .
two men wearing bike helmets .
two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop .
a man playing a video game in a store .
man playing game in a store .
a women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background .
a black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase .
a black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep .
a man in a black uniform on a white horse .
a man in a tux on a white horse .
cars driving near a model building .
vehicles driving infant of an ornate building .
a blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down .
a building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot .
road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus .
a man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby .
a black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .
a black and white photo of a love seat .
a black and white photo of a bicycle .
an orange kitten lay on a leather couch .
a person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone .
a subway train pulling into the station .
a white train pulling into a station .
two men standing on beach .
long-haired black dog standing in grassy field .
a small desk with chair near a laundry closet .
a goose flapping its wings in a body of water .
a black swan flapping its wings on the water .
a large airplane parked at the airport at night .
two women are sitting in a cafe .
two men catching a fish in a swamp .
person dressed in blue riding brown horse .
photo of a television screen showing a movie .
the wall-mounted flat-screen tv is showing a movie .
white cat sitting inside of a sink .
a small bird on a tiny branch .
two animals sitting on a rock .
two eagles sitting on a long branch .
six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera .
a black dog standing in a room being constructed .
a black and white cat laying on a cat bed .
a plane being readied for take-off .
a small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac .
a white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it .
a television with a show on .
the cat is attacking a corn husk broom .
a red bird is perched in a tree .
a small red and grey bird perched in a tree .
two buses parked on a street .
yellow scooter parked in an alley way .
large silver locomotive engine in a shed .
a close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe .
a women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background .
a woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table .
a green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks .
a black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks .
the man poses for a photo in front of the train .
a bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike .
a cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators .
a television in a messy room with several bookcases .
a room with a television , stereo and bookshelf .
a black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun .
the cow is grazing in a field .
a bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence .
a bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence .
a black and white photo of cattle at a trough .
a yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder .
a flock of birds flying over a body of water .
a boat is on the water near a small plane .
a boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock .
a domestic animal stands in a pen .
a black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up .
a dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
a large dog stands next to a sheep in a field .
a group of elderly people pose around a dining table .
three women with brown hair are smiling .
three women in indian dresses in a crowded room smiling .
two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat .
a black and white cow looking through the fence .
people ride mopeds in an urban setting .
a close-up of a sheep in the grass .
a close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged , standing on grass .
tan domestic cat under black tarp .
two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole .
two green birds flying above the telephone wires .
a person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by .
a man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot .
two cows graze in a field .
a small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree .
a bird lands in the water .
a boat floats in the water .
a girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
a young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .
a brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
a group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
a boy in a red sled is riding down the hill .
a multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
a young girl holds up a peace sign .
a little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .
a man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
man riding a bicycle down a narrow path .
a man riding a unicycle down a paved road
a man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow .
a man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
a brown dog laying on a blue cover .
a person is diving into clear blue water .
the two boys play in the field .
the two people have their heads covered with scarves .
the two dogs are running through the grass .
a little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .
a little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .
a young girl going down a tube slide .
a young girl swinging off a tire swing
many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
a man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair .
a group of people are wearing bunny ears .
a group of people ride in a race
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags .
a girl in glasses is looking over two american flags near a wooded area .
a small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
a man is swinging on a rope above the water .
a man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night .
an older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
a woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event .
the white dog runs across the snow .
a white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .
a young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow .
two dogs are playing in the snow .
a man picking up a big rock .
a woman picking up a large rock .
man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .
a woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
a man wearing a t-shirt that says " gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone .
a man wearing a shirt that says " gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
a tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .
a white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog running with a stick in it 's mouth .
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
a woman plays with a brown dog .
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth .
a dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
a man is standing in water near a waterfall .
a man wades in the water and watches a water fall .
a tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
a red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
the man is jumping into the water .
the man is up in the air .
a woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand .
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck .
a child is jumping into a swimming pool .
a dog jumping into a swimming pool .
a girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
a person riding a dirt bike .
two dogs playing by the shore .
a little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .
a man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a disney snow white costume .
a girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
a guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
two girls holding sacks are standing in a field .
three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
a girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
a group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .
a boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .
the tan dog runs through the leaves .
the white dog runs through the ocean .
a white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
a woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
a black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
the black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
a little girl holds a wooden stick .
a little girl swimming in a pool .
a black dog jumps through the water .
a dog walks through the snow .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
the young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
a blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
a little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .
a man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
a man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .
a woman and a dog standing in the grass .
a man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
a man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .
a man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
children jumping on a trampoline .
a man is sledding on an orange slide .
a large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
a brown dog is running in a field .
a dog runs through the snow .
a skier speeds through the snow .
a brown dog carrying a frisbee runs through the snow .
a boy and a girl playing on the beach .
a dog playing in the waves with a ball .
the child in the red coat laid in the red mat .
the toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
a softball player swinging at a pitch .
a baseball player hitting the ball
a man is kite surfing away from the camera .
a man is sky surfing on the water .
a boy running through green grass .
a little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
a young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
two dogs in a yard .
two dogs in a stream .
a man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area .
a man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course .
a bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
a man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture .
a yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
a girl is playing on a swing .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
a brown dog running through the grass .
a young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms .
a dog jumps into a backyard pool .
two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .
a blond haired lady in white poses for the camera .
a black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
a dog runs through a field chasing a ball .
a child runs through the grass .
a white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
a dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
an infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy .
a boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler .
young boys running along the pavement .
a black dog running along the edge of the ocean .
a young child slides down an orange slide .
a little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .
a dog is running toward the camera .
a brown and white dog running on grass .
a boy swinging on a swing .
the girl is on a swing .
a blue and white soccer team playing against each other .
a topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .
a black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
a black dog runs fast into shallow water .
two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
two white dogs are running together .
the brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
a black dog is running quickly along the ground .
an elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .
a black man is walking next to a building in a big city .
two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water .
two dogs are shaking water off .
a brown dog running through the woods .
a group of people are standing by a window watching something .
a group of people stand and wait to see something .
three people racing on ice skates .
three ice skaters round a corner .
two men on the side of a barge
a man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
a person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
a small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides .
a woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
a girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
a dog is on the beach near a ball .
a guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .
a dog bounds across the brown grass .
two dogs bound across the grass .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
a woman and three kids play at a park .
a dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .
a dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
the boy is playing in the sand .
a man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away .
a man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
a dog with a red toy in it 's mouth .
a brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field .
a man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
a man and a woman standing on a city street .
two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
a boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
a girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
a grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .
a group of old men walking down the street
a couple walking down the street .
three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city .
an elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street .
an elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
a young boy is punching a yellow ball .
a small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
a group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .
a group of young ladies in bikinis .
a young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain .
a woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
a man and a dog are playing tug of war .
a man dances on a colorful wall .
six dogs running on the sandy beach .
six dogs walking beside the beach .
a man holds on to a handle in the water .
a man is holding onto handles in the air .
a white dog walking in the snow .
a black and tan dog walking through the snow .
three dogs are running on the grass .
two kids playing with a dog .
two dogs are playing together in the grass .
two surfers on riding a small wave .
two surfers perform tricks in the waves .
a black and white dog swims in blue water .
man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
a black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
brown dog splashing into the water .
four dogs splashing in the water
the smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .
a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
the large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass .
the girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
two dogs fighting in the snow .
a brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
there are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .
a grey hound is active in a grassy field .
a bunch of bikes racing on a track .
two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
the dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .
the man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain .
a person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
a man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man plays his white guitar .
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
a person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
a brown dog is playing with a ball in the water .
two shirtless young people playing in the water .
lots of people play in the water at the beach .
close-up of a hummingbird .
a closeup of a hummingbird flying .
woman in a black dress walking on the street .
a woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
a man and a woman looking at the camera .
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
the large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
a baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .
a man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .
a climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .
the children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
a black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire .
the black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
a dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
a golden dog is running on the grass .
the large beige dog is running through the grass .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .
a man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them .
man rowing a boat .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
a black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building .
an older man stands outside a old boarded up building .
a dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
a dog running through a forest in the winter time
a dog running through a lot of twigs .
the girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .
three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera .
many people run in a race on a street .
a puppy running along a street .
a man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
a man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
two white dogs walking in the snow .
a tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
a woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .
a man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .
two dogs run through the brush .
a dog running across the sand
a dog running through the water .
a woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
a man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .
the black and white dog is swimming in the river .
a black man and his dog on the beach .
two dogs on the beach .
a dog walks on the beach .
a young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .
a young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
the dog is running with food in his mouth .
the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
a black and white dog swimming in the pool
a black and white dog running with something in his mouth .
a man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
a young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
a man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .
a man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand .
an old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .
the baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .
two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .
a white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
a white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .
a boy plays baseball .
a man is playing baseball .
a boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog .
a sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands .
a black dog retrieves in the snow .
a skateboarder jumping in the street .
a smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .
a smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow .
a dog is jumping in the snow .
a brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
the dog with the red collar is bearing it 's teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
a young girl doing a back flip in the water .
a young girl wearing purple running through water
a snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .
a boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .
a woman with two men in hats socializing outside .
a young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a domino 's pizza .
a black pit bull dog is running through the dirt .
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .
a group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .
a young boy is riding a bike .
a young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
a black dog running in the snow .
a black dog running on a beach .
three dogs in the snow by a fence .
two dogs drink water in a lake .
a girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs .
a little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .
a teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
a young child running along the shore at a beach
a brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
a blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
a man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
a white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track .
a black dog swimming through a river .
a black dog digging through the snow .
a man and a woman are smiling .
two little girls are playing on a trampoline .
two little boys are playing on a playground .
two girls are jumping high in the air .
two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
a man with long hair is looking through a camera .
a woman stands against a wall near a video camera .
two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera .
a man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face .
two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .
a girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
a man dressed in a santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building .
a little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
a girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
child sliding in the snow .
man sleeping on the street .
a little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
a kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
a person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
a black and white dog is running through a cow field .
a large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
a man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .
a man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up .
a man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .
man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse .
a dog swims in the water .
the blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .
a red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the american flag .
a person holding a net is standing in the water .
a black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
a woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
a young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture .
a dog is running in the snow .
two dogs running in the dirt
a small boy playing in the snow .
the brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
a woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .
a smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors .
a white dog running in the snow
the dogs are running in the snow .
the black dog is running through the snow .
a race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
a group of people sitting around a desk .
a group of girls on a beach .
three dogs are running in a field .
a man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a christmas tree .
the man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
a black dog and a white dog are standing on snow .
a white dog running through the snow
a man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
a dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
a man on a bike nest to a river .
a man on a bike does a very high jump .
a skier going down the snowy hill .
a brown dog is laying in the snow .
two dogs are running on the grass .
a man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
a guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
a person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
a lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .
a woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
a boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .
a boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool .
the boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .
a black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
a brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
a child is walking from one picnic table to another .
the boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .
a dog in the snow .
two dogs in snow .
four black dogs run across the grass .
a dog runs across the grassy field .
a man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
a man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
a brown dog is walking on the grass .
a dog chases another by a tree .
two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
the boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
the black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth .
a man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
a policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .
a large black and white dog is swimming in the water .
a black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break .
the man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
a man and a woman kiss .
a black , brown and white dog running through a field .
a white and brown dog runs in a field .
two kids splashing in the water .
two dogs play together on the bed .
a woman reads while on public transportation .
a man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .
a bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
a dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .
a young boy riding a bike on a brick road
a person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .
a person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
a person above their surfboard on the water .
the dog returns the play toy to its master .
three dogs race in the snow together .
a woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .
a man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
a girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
a young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
a man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .
a woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape .
a boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
a man jumps while on a snowboard .
the clowns are striking a pose for the camera .
a child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool .
four dogs playing in the snow .
a boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
a child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
two black dogs playing in the snow .
a black dog digs in the snow .
a black and a yellow dog
a black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .
three children in a ball pit .
several children playing in a ball pit .
a large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .
a white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube .
a man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .
a woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .
a brown dog is running through green grass .
a brown dog is running though a river .
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
a small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
a woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
a lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
a black dog walking through water .
two black dogs walking through the snow .
a black dog is running in snow .
a black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth .
a woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
a tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
a brown dog wades in the water .
one man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .
the man wearing a blue helmet is riding a polaris .
a little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .
a person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
a person on a snowmobile .
a person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
the man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle .
two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .
this over the top photo shows two men taking a break .
a person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .
a black dog is chasing after a red frisbee .
a black poodle is running in the snow .
two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
a young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores .
a woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
a person on a bmx bike .
a man on a bike in mid-air
little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
a black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a large group of people have formed a line outside .
a group of four children dancing in a backyard .
a group of children do stretches on colored mats .
a group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
one man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
a man and two women dressed in costumes .
two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
a woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
a woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera .
a woman holding a newspaper .
a man rollerblading on a metal bar .
a group of men playing brass instruments .
a group of guys play instruments outside .
two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish .
two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
a white dog with red ears is running in the snow .
a little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .
a little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .
a man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
a young man jumps from one balcony to another .
one child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand .
a young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
an owl has its wings up and widespread during the day .
the bird has its wings spread as it flies .
a man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
a dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud .
a young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .
a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
a brown furry animal stands behind some plants .
a dog pants while standing in the woods .
a child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave .
a man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
the tan and white dog is running in the field .
the brown and white dogs run through the field .
two teenage girls , one is smiling .
a little girl on a kid swing .
two birds interacting in the grass
two dogs play with each other outdoors .
two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
a small black dog is in the grass .
a lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
a group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
a large group of people riding brown and white horses .
children play fight with swords .
a child and parent pet a horse .
a man is wind sailing in the ocean .
a dog is running through the ocean .
three dogs racing on a dirt track
cars racing on a dirt track
two people holding hands and walking in a field .
two men walking past a mural of a car .
a brown dog chases a frisbee
a brown dog squating on grass .
a dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
three dogs run through a field .
two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
three dogs running through water .
a woman sits alone against a brick wall
a woman is walking with a red bag .
a brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a young woman leans over her plate at a meal .
a young woman , topless except for paint or mud .
a brown dog sits on the beach .
a dog running on the beach
the man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
a trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .
a large gray dog is playing in the deep snow .
a man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .
a man walking his cow down the side of the road .
a dog in in a car .
a dog is biting a mop .
a dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .
a child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling .
a brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .
a white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
a black and white dog is running on the beach .
many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .
a group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
a child and two dogs play in the water .
a child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
a skateboarder riding up to a slope .
the white and brown dog is shaking its ears .
the brown dog is running across the sand .
some children are raising their hands and clapping .
three children are playing soccer in the sand .
a man blowing a large bubble .
a man walking a large black horse .
a skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
a skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
the brown dog is running along a grassy pathway .
a brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .
the girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and rollerblades .
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
a tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .
a woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .
a dog running along the beach .
boy and girl running along the beach .
a brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth .
a grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
a black and a brown dog running in the grass .
a woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear .
a woman is riding her bicycle .
three dogs play in a grassy field .
some kids play in a field .
a young boy plays in a red ball pit .
a laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
the skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
the skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .
two men in a running contest .
dogs in a race .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
the tan and black dog is running across the grass .
a rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched .
a brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it 's mouth .
two people are walking through some water .
two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
a group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city .
the dog is in the air above the grass .
the dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet .
a man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game .
girl stands in subway waiting on something .
a girl stands in a dimly lit area .
the man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
the man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
a group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
a classroom of students watching a presentation .
a person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
a biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .
a boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .
a brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .
a person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face .
a medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area .
dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
the black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .
a baseball player throws the ball .
the basketball player holds the ball .
a man is swinging on a rope over water .
a man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .
a young girl dressed in a minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk .
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .
how about some testimonies from real health experts ?
also , who 's to say there aren 't testimonies from " real " health experts on there ?
" then the captain was gone .
then the captain came back .
negative reconnaissance requirements .
pacific requirements .
so , i am dropping , for now , asking you the question : " where ' s the marx " ?
i am moving on to ask you the question : " where ' s the beef " ?
the prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation .
the prices of everything you own ie assets have gone down .
originally posted by vienna how was it authoritarian ?
originally posted by zaf i give up .
imagine a place that 's % white and % black .
imagine a place with % men and % women .
nirvana is very different than oblivion .
nirvana is not oblivion .
if you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight .
if you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight .
the whole earth combined produces enough food for billion people .
who does it now only produce enough for billion ?
btw he had appropriate deferments for the time .
appropriate deferments for the time , eh ?
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white .
but it seems it would have less " impact " if they didn 't call him white .
according to the girlfriend and zimmerman , he did .
according to zimmerman he did .
my parents have told me it is bad for you .
my teachers have told me it is bad for you .
i oppose the death penalty .
this is why i support the death penalty .
well , whatever , you are now .
well , whatever , you 're aware of it now .
they produce nothing i can eat , wear , live in .
think about all the things you can 't " eat , wear , or live in " .
people exploited the laws .
people bent the laws .
funny , i thought the same thing about some math .
and here i thought i knew me some math .
i have years of " neener neener " rights i use lettuce too .
i have years of " neener neener " rights hi wiggies !
i don 't prefix or suffix everything with " you hate jews . "
you should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate jews .
it still makes no sense .
it 's you who makes no sense .
more expensive homes .
more expensive cars .
martin said , " why are you following me ? "
zimmerman replied , " what are you doing here ? "
although satellite intensity estimates from tafb and sab are only t. /
subjective dvorak intensity estimates from tafb and sab increased to kt .
" fairies don 't exist " - fine .
" satyrs don 't exist " - fine .
you wanna know what i find curious ?
that 's what i find curious .
when did i compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder ?
i compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder .
if you asked , conservatives , the numbers will be skewed to the right .
if you asked , progressives , the numbers would be skewed to the left .
you didn 't mention pfa before that one post .
i didn 't mention restraining order either .
ramblin ' rose by nat king cole we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
eye of the tiger we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
from the year prior .
warmed.c from the year prior .
still love this show .
holy poo poo , this show .
their vast properties are protected by the govt .
their great wealth is protected by the govt .
how exactly is germany being ' punished ' for the stupidity of ww ?
how exactly are they being punished ?
z stalked him down , then shot him .
you claimed zimmerman " stalked him down , then shot him " .
we never got out of it in the first place !
where does the money come from in the first place ?
freedom of speech has consequences !
if freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free .
if you could kill one person to save four , would you ?
as to would i kill person to save , i have no idea .
it 's not imposing morals .
it 's imposing a law .
at least mexico had a presence in california .
mexico has zero claim to california .
so yes , we do read the bible to learn about christianity .
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity .
and that 's why you 're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions ?
still refusing to answer my questions ?
why was the book of thomas left out of the canon ?
why would the addition of more of jesus words be left out of the canon ?
you mean , you believe the word of the mainstream media ?
you mean , you believe the word of the springhallconvert ?
we are meant to explore .
we are meant to move .
israel doesn 't give a * * * * , accept it .
that israel doesn 't giva a * * * * what anybody else thinks .
we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
i want to rock and roll by kiss we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
slutstamp ! a dear friend from ohio sent me this .
a dear friend from ohio sent me this .
and yet , the titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence .
the new study shows that the titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo .
can he really make mone from google ad sense .
who makes money off google ad sense ?
" bright but scatterbrained " becomes " treat with drugs " .
" opinionated and stubborn " becomes treat with drugs " .
what is your definition of " life " ?
what 's your definition of nature ?
could be a lot of things .
could be a simple mistake .
should i just tell her how i feel ?
should i just wait it out and see how it goes ?
i. atlantic requirements .
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon .
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon .
" jane " wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it .
i can 't believe she is asking you to ask the helpful party guest for money !
any woman that wants birth control can get it .
any woman that wants and abortion can get one .
is it legal to grow ?
yes , it 's legal to grow .
pressing one does not " do " english .
pressing one does send a tone .
what 's my opinion regarding the series ?
what was my opinion of firefly in the interim ?
chuck close we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
does he have supporters ?
he definently has supporters .
but okay , ultimate sovereignty ?
thus , ultimate sovereignty .
the nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from to years .
the nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from to .
but we can 't do it without help .
we can 't do it without you . "
no healthy person needs gambling .
no healthy person needs sex .
i said it wasn 't a person , in the legal sense .
if it isn 't a person , then wtf is it ?
do you see obama calling for regulation reform ?
do you see obama calling for cut , cap and balance ?
" leprechauns don 't exist " - fine .
" elves don 't exist " - fine .
got some heine and coors light i started it last night xanis .
i started it last night xanis .
" gorgons don 't exist " - fine .
best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby , all of it .
best way to turn it on its head is to get money out .
i have years of " neener neener " rights usually i get pretty decent care .
i have years of " neener neener " rights they are crack ups .
dutchy has anyone heard from dutchy ?
@ nickfun , has anyone heard from dutchy ?
commodity expanded value-form , .
elementary commodity-capital value-form .
you are a christian .
therefore you are not a christian .
morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it .
" oh , you 're such a good person !
you 're such a bad person ! "
fern i think stories like this are stupid .
- wolf i think stories like this are stupid .
cyclone formation is not expected during the next hours .
tropical cyclone formation is not expected .
do you not understand what that string of words means ?
do you not understand what the word ' led ' implies ?
there is no freedom of religion .
there is no freedom of speech .
originally posted by solinvictus the messahe of all the scriptures is oneness .
originally posted by solinvictus ah .
how long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?
how long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid ?
a man and a woman are different yes .
men and women are different yes ?
double jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification .
as far as legality goes i can use jury nullification .
facilitator : show me the smart child .
facilitator : and why is she the dumb child ?
religious fiction isn 't that redundant and repetetive ?
isn 't that redundant and repetetive ?
originally posted by anabelle what 's wrong with that ?
originally posted by vienna to ' say ' what ?
cracklin ' rosie by neil diamond we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
jingle bell rock by bobby helm we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions .
other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions .
loose change started out as a work of fiction .
it finished as a work of fiction .
if it wasn 't a life , then it would not be able to be born .
if it wasn 't alive , then it would miscarriage on it 's own .
gl , terral that is absolutely amazing .
hi ollie : that is absolutely amazing .
lets assume we have % white and % black .
if so , state that is why they 're not true .
please , what about them are not true .
-not- talking about it ' and ' -not- doing anything .
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything .
" being against nukes " does not mean " not wanting to use nukes " .
" being against using nukes " means " not wanting to use nukes " .
my niece is married to a black man .
my great niece is half black .
the uk population is just over million .
the japanese population is nearly million .
i shot the sheriff we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
i hope this is nothing .
what isn 't how what was sold ?
it 's not how it was sold , gb .
it 's so stupid that it just has to be true .
it 's amusing to think it even might be true .
i guess i pulled it out of the census 's rear end in a top hat .
does the census have an rear end in a top hat ?
i 've never accused him of over-milligraming , nothing .
i 've never accused him of doctoring a baseball .
officers have told me its bad for you .
his position is that it is the individual 's risk to assume .
his position is the way it is currently .
i have no problem with those that have money !
i have many problems with these men , way to many to state here !
nixon , ford and carter shut down the oilfields ?
no has has shut down the oil fields .
i don 't want a president who is charasmatic .
it doesn 't have to be braindead .
i don 't have a proposed model .
no missile evidence .
no missile witnesses .
then he is not omnipotent .
then he is malevolent .
tin foil hat for the dog face , what size do u wear ?
tin foil hat for the sarg , what size do u wear ?
if you leap up to make a hit , you 're getting a penalty .
if your stick hits a guy in the face , you 're getting a penalty .
all of the electrical energy comes from the battery .
all of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator .
do you know how many passengers testified or what they said ?
how many passengers said they saw an iceberg ?
scenario a assumes that the co growth rate accelerates by . % / yr .
it assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by . % / yr .
landon memory from cats we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
in fact , it 's just the dutch .
claims about trayvon 's character and when did i do that ?
slanted blogs and when did i do that ?
% how much money does pp take in for abortion services ?
how much is spent on abortions services ?
why did that transaction take place .
did the transaction take place ?
there is no more egg cell post-fertilization .
there is no more sperm cell .
if you haven 't made any claims , then just say so .
i haven 't made any claims .
no thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian .
ergo it offends me when thatcherites call themselves libertarian .
the problem isn 't who has money .
the problem is who doesn 't have money .
but do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters ?
i don 't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the titanic .
not astros or orioles bad gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .
gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .
if so , alot of cops should take presciption drugs .
if so , alot of inventors , writers should take prescription drugs ..
those are partial psychopaths .
was ted bundy a partial psychopath ?
this is not a war deployment .
its not an official deployment .
nutrax the plural of anecdote is not data did gentlemen need chaperones ?
nutrax the plural of anecdote is not data
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly .
i haven 't read the books , but i saw the movie today .
that 's not the moloch scene , though .
this is the moloch scene .
you need to make up your mind .
you need to polish up on your logic skills .
the one that has walks home afterwards and goes to sleep .
the one that has three walks home and beats his wife .
capital gains , top rate : percent .
income tax , top rate : percent .
bienging is unaccptable .
being drunk is unacceptable .
he hasn 't been funny in years .
he hasn 't been funny since larry bud melman was on the show .
if the universe has an explanation of its existence , that explanation is god .
therefore , the universe has an explanation of its existence .
it wouldn 't stop joke marriages .
and i don 't fight for marriage .
if they were jews , i would call them jews .
if they were catholics , i would call them catholics .
he 's not wealthy because he 's successful .
why hate people because they are successful ?
not as irritated as you .
you seem as irritated as henry .
it 's a common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
hilited your common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
you already did that - we have a muslim in office right now .
-cryptolutheran no . we have a christian in office right now .
i said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce .
ann romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce .
dreamtech never been ejaculated on as far as i know .
it has never been ejaculated on as far as i know .
i didn 't say we had gotten soft since / rand .
i said you had gotten soft .
unless it 's different in different countries ?
so , short form , yes , it probably is different in different countries .
the new study does not support your claim .
the physical evidence does not support your claim .
morals do not exist , so technically nothing can be morally wrong .
toyland by johnny mathis we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
being in a gang isnt a crime .
commiting a crime in a gang is a crime .
yes , they are both different .
opinions are different .
pure communism : you have two cows .
libertarian / anarcho-capitalism : you have two cows .
you should put scientists on a pedestal .
why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal ?
what are they trying to hide ?
i then asked : what are they trying to hide ?
that would make you partially responsible for their death .
that would make you a sort of accessory , i think .
" would you like to pay for others health care ? "
" would you like to wear your seatbelt ? "
i don 't see obama as the lesser of two evils .
i don 't see him as evil at all .
or this one by jim croce we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the point is an unarmed child was murdered .
the point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black .
irreligion that does that i have a problem .
religion that doesn 't do that i don 't have a problem with .
if i 'm angry , it will show up in one of those scans ..
if i 'm hyper active , it will show up in one of those scans ..
if you want to buy $ billion in xyz inc. common stock , who cares ?
if you want to buy a house or a suv , again , who cares ?
billion . everyone in the world at mexico 's current prosperity level .
everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of northwest africa .
my sheriff has told me its bad for you .
atlas shrugged it 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .
it 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .
how would martin not know that that was not the case ?
how would martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions ?
regulation get the government into everything .
" get the government into everything ? "
yes , i 've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument .
i 've assumed this as well in my argument .
jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .
jury nullification means a law isn 't constitutional ?
it 's just a bunch of cells .
i 'm " a bunch of cells . "
mann 's work was all about math .
mann 's work and the hs was all about tree rings .
i don 't like flavored beers .
i don 't like many flavored drinks .
i hope your lo is ok .
it means its an option .
doesnt mean its a bad option .
mom busted in and said , " what 's that noise ? "
my kids busted in and said ' whats that dad ? '
my best , kutte my ex-fiance wouldn 't use the va or navy doctor 's .
jay my ex-fiance wouldn 't use the va or navy doctor 's .
holder filed a three-page letter .
the judges orders a three-page letter to be filed .
@ lustig andrei , lustig , agreed .
@ lustig andrei , thank you , lustig .
i don 't know how legitimate this is , but i heard he 's kind of suicidal .
so , i don 't know how legitimate this is but yeah .
your schtick is getting stale .
your misogyny is getting messy .
is that how it works ?
nah , that 's not how it works .
@ frank apisa , what you want to call it is up to you .
@ cyracuz , what you want to call it is up to you .
jury nullification has nothing to do with the constitutionality of laws .
the government does not determine if you are married or not .
the government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married .
democracy is a threat to liberty .
democracy has nothing to do with liberty .
yes , it 's about dilution .
er , that 's not how dilution works .
originally posted by jond doubtful .
originally posted by eleanor.ellis
classical gas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the theme song to cheers : we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
i be having conversations will cornell west my dear brother .
i be having conversations will cornell west what the hell is this ?
he had no intention of apprehending him .
- i didnt say he planned on apprehending him .
put a little love in your heart we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
you 're " a bunch of cells . "
what is a girl douche ?
you are a girl douche .
no . jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .
the onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe .
the manufacturer has to convince the government it 's safe .
i think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs .
again i think you are missing the point on the twain quote .
" cyclopes don 't exist " - fine .
" goblins don 't exist " - fine .
" in it was a mental illness , now what are they teaching you ? "
he stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry ?
landon and so this is christmas we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
play with fire we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
bush gets zero credit for the budget under him .
and , obama gets zero credit for the budget under him .
. sinful people do not get to heaven .
or sin is removed upon entry to heaven .
what was the " answer " in chicago ?
what will be the response in california ?
therefore , the explanation of the existence of the universe is god .
genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics .
genetic predisposition to alzheimer is inferior genetics .
use of force in defense of person.-a
use of force by aggressor .
that 's what the data available shows .
that 's what the historical record shows .
joy to the world we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
ive watched kids play .
i like watching kids play .
they 're looking at each other !
why are they looking at each other like that ? ! ? !
are you driving one ?
are you driving a fucking volt ?
religion that does that i have a problem with .
irreligion that doesn 't do that i don 't have a problem with .
i think he 'd be better for american business interests overall .
would he be better for american society ?
" what does pressing the number one do ? "
" pressing the number one does english . "
for the trillionth time , i 've never said rehabilitation doesn 't work .
the point you quote should say " i never said rehabilitation could never work . "
charlie rangel censured did anyone see the footage of this ?
did anyone see the footage of this ?
red october standing by .
red fox standing by .
that 's just not how legal briefs are written .
that just isn 't how legal reasoning works .
no , none of those factors account for the recent warming .
you don 't know if those factors account for the warming , or not .
stone notified captain lord .
he too notified captain lord .
the primary focus of systematic dialectics is syn chronic , not dia chronic .
thus , meta - system - atic dialectic is diachronico - synchronic dialectic .
and that is happening in gop controlled states .
michigan is a gop controlled state .
government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term , that 's fine .
government spying on its own citizens , that 's fine .
higher than per cent but not very high .
lower than per cent but not very low .
god definately does not exist .
god probably does not exist .
it is an excellent indicator of climate change .
i think we all agree on the nature of the change .
the great thing about living here is there 's space .
the bad thing is there 's space .
the question needs to be asked .
it is a question that needs to be answered .
you purport to value life very heavily .
i purport to value human life very highly .
the infestation posts .
the mosquitoes posts .
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not ?
do you have anything to make it more compelling ?
time of the season by the zombies we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself .
pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone .
so answer the question .
stop avoiding the question .
i absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters .
jake with the assist .
voracek with the goal .
is it possible his home was affected and the school was not ?
sure , it is possible his home was affected , but not the school .
umm , that pretty clearly states , " the statute is presumed constitutional . "
and until they decide that , " the statute is presumed constitutional . "
florida the ignorance is yours !
the ignorance is yours !
i 'm going to shout for justice for trayvon .
the people shouting for justice for trayvon are all hypocrites .
how do you know what 's right and wrong ?
how do you know which story is the right one ?
and nugent was a complete fool to say what he said .
natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base .
it is all bush 's fault .
obama is bush 's fault .
i missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot .
never , did i ever , did i say blacks were going to riot .
yet you didn 't have to declare it .
and you didn 't have to .
james : says faith without works is dead .
paul did not preach faith without works .
originally posted by lone fox you 've said that multiple times now .
originally posted by lone fox and it 's not all iranian related either .
you might not like obamas views , but he has them .
you might not like the positions he holds , but atleast he has them .
there is simply no winning for obama among conservatives .
this is rich coming from a conservative .
satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence !
. satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek !
fix ? : islam itself is not political .
islam has always been political .
do you understand why it 's absurd to limit the question to us residents ?
do you understand why non-us residents are also relevant to the statistics ?
zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car .
his " friends " say that he was confronted by his car .
- income , top rate : percent .
sadly ford did accept taxpayer money .
ford didn 't accept taxpayer money to save the company .
the muslims would say the same thing about the qur 'an .
the hindus would say the same thing about the bhagavad ghita .
when christians are extreme its just simply religion .
when muslims are extreme it 's terrorism .
some believe the ' right ' is most important .
some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important .
evolution is not an opinion , not a belief .
atomic theory is not an opinion , not a belief .
i am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman 's body .
you want others to decide over a woman body .
where in the world is ron paul ?
where in the world is the media ? ?
you have no remains of an a- at the pentagon .
you seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions .
people are responsible for their actions .
it 's about the baggage attached .
it 's not the same thing .
what makes you think the owl didn 't participate ?
it doesn 't say that it didn 't participate .
lol looking forward to seeing your built-in 's !
look forward to seeing it !
originally posted by jacko !
originally posted by izzy !
except that it wasn 't .
except that they couldn 't .
if i owe you , dollars , i have a problem .
if i owe you a trillion dollars , you have a problem .
everyone else at the current prosperity level of mexico .
lol don 't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the us ?
is there a test to own a firearm in the us ?
we both thought the movie was good and we didn 't find it confusing in any way .
i thought it was good , and i didn 't find it confusing .
a law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the constitution .
to be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution .
originally posted by muslim girl ooops sorry !
originally posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility .
this is not your country .
this is our country .
originally posted by zaf i suppose the water in the middle makes a difference .
originally posted by zaf in the long term , yes .
the jury is not told about juror nullification .
the quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification .
runs victim down got any proof ?
paranoid got any proof ?
i don 't think paul has a shot .
paul doesn 't have a shot .
what if they messed up a study ?
what if they had a personal bias ?
specifically a baptist .
specifically gnostic .
and a large part of the east coast .
and parts of the west coast .
why are you talking about women within the hebrew tribes ?
we were talking about women as war bounty were we not ?
last night japanese forces attacked hong kong .
last night japanese forces attacked the philippine islands .
. what is your definition of " life force " ?
what is your definition of " soul " ?
that is not direct responsibilty to the constituents .
aye but they are responsible to their constituents .
my final word : ignoring has the effect of normalizing .
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing .
sec chairman william donaldson said there is a " building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat . "
" i think there 's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat . "
darren dopp , a spitzer spokesman , declined to comment late thursday .
john heine , a spokesman for the commission in washington , declined to comment on mr. spitzer 's criticism .
in afternoon trading in europe , france 's cac-40 advanced and britain 's ftse 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while germany 's dax index rose 0.6 percent .
in europe , france 's cac-40 rose 1.3 percent , britain 's ftse 100 declined 0.2 percent and germany 's dax index gained 0.6 percent .
sens. john kerry and bob graham declined invitations to speak .
the no-shows were sens. john kerry of massachusetts and bob graham of florida .
dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singing " if i could . "
she won the talent portion singing " if i could " and also won in evening wear .
she countersued for $ 125 million , saying gruner & jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions .
she countersued for $ 125 million , saying g + j broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine 's financial figures .
the standard edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user .
the standard edition one is a single processor version of the oracle standard edition database .
leon williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 bay st. , in tompkinsville .
the dead man , leon williams , was found in his third-floor apartment .
a total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of basra , the organization said .
a total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the world health organisation in the southern iraqi city of basra .
he was also expected to visit yemen and bahrain during his tour of the region .
khatami , who arrived in beirut monday , was also to visit syria , yemen and bahrain .
general myers told reporters that " at first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken " .
" at first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken , " said gen. richard myers , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .
proving that the millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .
in millville yesterday , mayor james quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days .
earlier this month , rim had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share .
excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
" for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " according to extracts released yesterday .
" for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " mrs clinton writes .
stony brook university launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer .
the state university at stony brook launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection .
metropolitan ambulance spokesman james howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday 's incident .
spokesman james howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries , while three others were treated at the scene .
but it is clear that the joint intelligence committee was not involved .
this report was cleared by the joint intelligence committee .
about 22 % of twentysomethings are obese , which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight .
about 31 percent of americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight .
coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will get the valuable thursday 9 : 30 p.m. time slot .
coupling , an american version of a hit british comedy , will couple with friends on thursdays .
her body was found several weeks later in the green river .
aug. 15 , 1982 : remains of chapman , hinds and mills are found in the green river .
" fighting continued until midnight , " western rebel commander ousmane coulibaly told reuters by satellite phone on sunday .
" they ransacked and burned the two villages completely , " rebel commander ousmane coulibaly told reuters by satellite phone from the bush .
the reading for both august and july is the best seen since the survey began in august 1997 .
it is the highest reading since the index was created in august 1997 .
us special forces troops are training colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline , which transports crude from colombia 's second-biggest oil field .
u.s. special forces troops are training colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline .
we need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-july or schools wont open in september , strayhorn said .
texas lawmakers must close a $ 185.9 million budget gap by the middle of july or the schools wont open in september , comptroller carole keeton strayhorn said thursday .
shares of hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in new york stock exchange composite trading .
shares of hartford were up $ 2.28 , or 5.2 percent , to $ 45.90 in midday trading .
country-music station kkcs has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the dixie chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized president george bush .
a radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing dixie chicks songs , violating the station 's two-month-old ban on the group 's music .
aspen technology 's shares dropped 74 cents , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the nasdaq .
in afternoon trading , aspen 's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $ 2.33 per share .
the new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .
the 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money .
in addition , it offered the united states and israel a way to work around mr. arafat .
when the prime minister 's position was established in the spring , it offered the united states and israel a way to work around arafat .
and yes , marilyn monroe is definitely part of the story , titled " arthur miller , elia kazan and the blacklist : none without sin . "
note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " american masters " series , " arthur miller , elia kazan and the blacklist : none without sin . "
scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's portage bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .
a kayaker found dr. scribner 's body floating near the doctor 's houseboat in portage bay , where he was eating lunch when his wife , ethel , left for an appointment .
also missing is al larsen , 31 , of fort worth , texas , who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike .
the other victim recovered tuesday morning was al larsen , 31 , of fort worth , texas .
the festival kicked off yesterday one day after the competition commission delivered its final verdict to the government on the proposed £ 4.1 billion merger .
the competition commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big itv players , carlton and granada .
a three-judge panel of the 11th u.s. circuit court of appeals ruled late friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .
a three-judge panel of the 8th u.s. circuit court of appeals in st. louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance .
he started in the 1983 super bowl , which miami lost 27-17 to washington .
he played four seasons in miami , including the dolphins ' 27-17 loss to washington in the super bowl .
nterprise linux services is expected to be available before then end of this year .
beta versions of nterprise linux services are expected to be available on certain hp proliant servers in july .
excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .
excluding one-time items , it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share .
" but i do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
byrd , speaking from the senate floor , said he questioned " the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . "
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx fell 3 points , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
earlier on monday , grant thornton spa repeated previous statements that it was " a victim of fraudulent action " .
grant thornton claims that it too was the “ victim ” of a fraud .
peter lyman and hal varian of berkeley 's school of information management and systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .
that task appealed to two masters of the megabyte , peter lyman and hal varian , professors at the university of california-berkeley 's school of information management and systems .
" my judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the american people would know . "
my judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the american people would know , " mr. shelby said on nbc 's " meet the press . "
washington , however , said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place .
but the us insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place , preferably by repealing the entire law .
after 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boys were separated sunday at children 's medical center of dallas .
two-year-old egyptian twin boys , born with their heads conjoined , have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the children 's medical centre in dallas .
pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed .
mitzna and party secretary ophir pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed .
the euro soared to us $ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slipping back slightly to us $ 1.1895 as trading opened in europe .
the euro soared to $ 1.1914 in asian trading , before slipping back to $ 1.1884 in late european trading , up from $ 1.1857 late monday .
cmdr. rod gibbons , an academy spokesman , said , " the academy is shocked and saddened .
naval academy spokesman cmdr. rod gibbons said : ``today 's announcement came as a surprise .
shares of lendingtree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
lendingtree shares rose 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than doubling in the last two months .
last week , his lawyers asked warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
last week , his lawyers asked gov. mark r. warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
" i think it should have been released years ago , " said brian rohrbough , whose son , daniel , was killed at columbine .
brian rohrbough , whose son , daniel , was killed at columbine , said the tape raises disturbing issues .
that objection was cited by peoplesoft 's board in rejecting oracle 's offer .
peoplesoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .
several black democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with dnc chairman terry mcauliffe to discuss the layoffs .
black democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with democratic national committee chairman terry mcauliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .
" these are dark days for our industry , " giovanni bisignani , director general of the geneva-based organization , said in a statement .
" these are dark days for our industry , " the geneva-based international air transport association 's director-general giovanni bisignani said .
the seven other nations in the initiative are britain , germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal and spain .
other nations involved in the psi include germany , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal , spain and britain .
the average american makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or errands .
nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands .
in the weeks leading up to the execution , several florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .
several florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters , accompanied by rifle bullets .
hoy confirmed the woman 's age tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family .
hoy confirmed the woman 's age tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family , but is expected to return this week .
boston the catholic archdiocese in boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits , according to a document obtained by the associated press .
the american roman catholic archdiocese of boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests .
the 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
among them are conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr dipped 14 / 32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
but he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th union on tuesday when the united steelworkers of america endorsed him .
but he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th on tuesday .
oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 13.51 on the nasdaq .
the market 's broader gauges also posted big gains , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
the broader market also retreated , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
jim furyk celebrated his first father 's day as a father by winning his first major golf championship .
his first father 's day as a dad , his first major as a champion .
they passed through the lemelson medical , educational and research foundation limited partnership in 2001 to syndia .
it said the patents were " allegedly " assigned to syndia in 2001 through the lemelson medical , educational and research foundation limited partnership .
the sia says the dram market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
the americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
morrill 's wife , ellie , sobbed and hugged bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .
at the service morrill 's widow , ellie , sobbed and hugged bondeson 's sister-in-law as people consoled her .
mr. grassley and mr. baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
grassley and baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .
in the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .
in the second quarter last year , ak steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents a share .
the nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 on friday .
the tech-laced nasdaq composite .ixic rallied 30.46 points , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .
" it was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , " said a republican who attended but did not want to be named .
" it was a brazen attempt at intimidation , " said a republican legislator who attended the meeting .
no charges were announced , but the statement said legal proceedings were expected monday .
an fbi statement said legal proceedings were expected monday in federal court in baltimore .
the dead woman was also wearing a ring and a cartier watch .
" it 's a blond-haired woman wearing a cartier watch on her wrist , " the source said .
the tech-heavy nasdaq stock markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05 .
the nasdaq composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
" it 's going to happen , " said jim santangelo , president of the teamsters joint council 42 in el monte .
" that really affects the companies , big time , " said jim santangelo , president of the teamsters joint council 42 in el monte .
he was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to las vegas , where he had been filming a video .
after posting $ 3 million bail , jackson flew to las vegas , where he had been working on a video .
gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate pcs .
what 's more , companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older pcs , the analyst firm said .
as of tuesday , almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine .
in addition , 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine .
brian brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
her son would get upset , his mom said , but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
the tech-heavy nasdaq stock markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
he told the jury stubbs is a " cold , calculating killer . "
district attorney dave lupas reminded jurors that stubbs is , " a cold , calculating killer " .
likewise , the 30-year bond < us30yt = rr > slid 1-11 / 32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
a seventh victim , a woman , died tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens hospital medical center of akron .
a seventh person , a 21-year-old woman , was in critical condition in the burn unit at akron children 's hospital .
the men were immediately flown to nearby botswana on a chartered air malawi flight , malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .
the men were flown to nearby botswana on an air malawi flight , the officials said .
" we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , " sadr said in a fiery sermon at koufa mosque near najaf .
that exploit works on unpatched windows 2000 machines with service pack 3 and 4 .
both counterpane and idefense contend that the exploit works effectively against windows 2000 systems running service pack 3 and 4 .
further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note us10yt = rr shed 25 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
early wednesday , the benchmark 10-year us10yt = rr had lost 16 / 32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late tuesday .
tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from sun microsystems , which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season .
a sour forecast from sun microsystems inc . sunw.o put more pressure on wall street before the quarterly earnings season .
shares of coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange .
shares of coke were down 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the new york stock exchange .
ernst & young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
ernst & young has denied the sec 's claims , and called its recommendations " irresponsible " .
neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the north korean problem , wolfowitz said .
indeed , wolfowitz admitted saturday that neither military action nor " large scale bribery " would solve the issue .
the driver , eugene rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , wood said .
at the accident scene , the driver was " covered in blood " but helped to remove children , wood said .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was up 9.69 points , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .
the tech-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > gained 18.35 points , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .
shares of guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the new york stock exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday .
shares of guidant were down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the new york stock exchange .
" three weeks in october " goes on sale monday , nearly a year after the washington , d.c.-area sniper shootings started .
moose 's book goes on sale monday , nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the washington area .
based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in august to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
labor department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fell in august to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
while opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet 's decision on anti-retroviral treatment , some said health minister manto tshabalala-msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan .
health minister manto-tshabalala msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan , according to some opposition parties .
chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise , deciding the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
he or she decides the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
on july 10 , a team of 32 singaporean police officers was sent to baghdad .
in july 32 singaporean police officers were sent to baghdad to help train iraqi police forces and returned home last month .
the euro < eur = > was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $ 1.18 .
in early u.s. trading , the euro < eur = > was down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860 .
a coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the protests , which the nlc called in defiance of a court order banning them .
a coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the action and is mobilising for protests .
since being drafted into service in 1971 , it has racked up a record 45 accidents , with 393 deaths .
it has a chequered safety record , including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths .
glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .
about 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference .
four other men who were also charged in june have already pleaded guilty .
four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts .
the federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of hurricane isabel , as were schools , and much of the region 's transportation network was slowed .
in the aftermath of hurricane isabel , federal and local governments remained shut down , as did schools and many businesses .
he gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the united steelworkers of america , who announced their endorsement yesterday .
on tuesday , he picked up the endorsement of the united steelworkers of america .
some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list , which was to take effect oct. 1 .
the ftc signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list , which was due to go into effect october 1 .
" and about eight to 10 seconds down , i hit .
" i was in the water for about eight seconds .
but adora obi nweze , the naacp state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
adora obi nweze , the naacp state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .
activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries .
instead , they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets .
their contract will expire at 12 : 01 a.m. wednesday instead of 12 : 01 a.m. sunday , said rian wathen , organizing director for united food and commercial workers local 700 .
" it has outraged the membership , " said rian wathen , organizing director of united food and commercial workers local 700 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic rose 39.39 points , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after losing more than 2 percent on tuesday .
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji jumped 194.14 points , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier .
some 14,000 customers were without power in the area , oklahoma gas and electric said .
about 38,000 oge energy corp. customers are without power , the company said on its web site .
prince is replacing sanford " sandy " weill , who will remain citigroup 's chairman .
prince , who heads citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing sanford weill as ceo .
spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90 / 368.60 an ounce at 1000 gmt , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since february 10 .
spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65 / 359.15 an ounce at 0500 gmt , having darted as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not seen since february 25 .
but the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned martinez did not violate his fifth amendment rights in doing so .
but the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned mr martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his fifth amendment rights .
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 18.25 points , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .
the center 's president , joseph torsella , was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance .
national constitution center president joseph torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees .
the report ranked 45 large companies based on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
of those three , only dillard 's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
" i don 't know if the person i 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , " parrish said .
" i don 't know whether the person i 'm talking to now may end up being someone else , " parrish said .
passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up .
passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up , but exempted private clubs from the regulation .
the first trial of a suspect in last year 's bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in indonesia today , sky news reported .
one of the key suspects in the october nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in bali went on trial monday amid tight security .
iraqi police opened fire in downtown baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .
iraqi police opened fire in downtown baghdad wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > rose 49 points , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .
during the same quarter last year , eds declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .
eds reported a first-quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .
microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .
shares in microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $ 27.54 from a nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .
" this is extraordinarily fast , " said matt geller , an analyst at cibc world markets .
they are actually going to record sales for velcade this year , " said matt geller , an analyst at cibc world markets .
the arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at selenski 's mount olivet road home .
kerkowski and fassett 's bodies were unearthed at selenski 's mount olivet road home on june 5 .
we intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
we think this was bad law , and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
under kansas law , it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations .
in the opinion , kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations .
the transaction will expand callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
the transaction will expand callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales .
indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during gam 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .
indonesia 's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with gam , charges it has generally denied .
iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of u.n. sanctions over ex-president saddam hussein 's 1990 occupation of kuwait and by the u.s.-led war to oust him which ended in april .
iraq 's economy was shattered under former president saddam hussein and by the u.s.-led war to oust him which ended in april .
advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the new york stock exchange .
declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the new york stock exchange .
a beauty contest to be held in italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups .
a new beauty contest kicking off in italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry sophia 's sex-symbol status .
analysts ' consensus estimate from thomson first call was for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , excluding one-time items .
the estimate of analysts surveyed by thomson first call was for a loss of $ 2.75 a share .
boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its december meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .
it is widely expected to give bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .
bush said resistance forces hostile to the u.s. presence " feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
there are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
founded in 1996 , the lendingtree exchange consists of more than 200 banks , lenders , and brokers .
lendingtree matches borrowers via the internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers , banks and other lenders .
most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from july 1 .
australia 's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $ 3 and $ 11 a week from treasurer peter costello last night .
gyorgy heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach was carrying 38 passengers .
the head of the local disaster unit , gyorgy heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
for the current academic year , tuition at public colleges averaged $ 4,694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .
the statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in august .
the unemployment rate in san joaquin county dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from august .
security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps .
security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate .
a judge ordered the child placed in state custody aug. 8 .
on aug. 8 , juvenile court judge robert yeates ordered that parker be placed in protective custody .
but white house spokesman ari fleischer said yesterday : " the steps the iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-qa 'ida are insufficient . "
" the steps that the iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-qaida are insufficient .
standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was brent newbury , president of the rockland county patrolmen 's benevolent association .
" the whole thing is a travesty , " fumed brent newbury , president of the rockland county patrolmen 's benevolent association .
" they were brutally beaten , and it 's really a wonder that porchia is the only deceased in this case . "
" it 's a wonder that porchia was the only deceased in this case , " sax added .
pratt & whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to europe , with final assembly in germany .
pratt & whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to european suppliers , with final assembly in germany .
staff writers selwyn crawford and colleen mccain nelson and brian anderson of dallasnews.com contributed to this report .
staff writers brandon formby and colleen mccain nelson contributed to this report .
the commerce commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal .
the new zealand commerce commission had given westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal .
prosecutors filed a motion informing lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
he added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
american masters : arthur miller , elia kazan and the blacklist : none without sin ( wed .
that package included increases to both the city 's sales and income taxes .
he also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package .
the songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .
the company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $ 9.95 .
gillette shares rose $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon new york stock exchange trading .
shares of gillette closed down 45 cents at $ 33.70 in trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange .
shares of san diego-based jack in the box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the new york stock exchange .
shares of tampa-based outback steakhouse inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the new york stock exchange .
the dow jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since december .
the dow jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since december . "
tamil parties blame the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) for these killings .
the government wanted to revive talks with the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) to discuss the interim structure .
two of the britons , sandy mitchell from glasgow and glasgow-born william sampson , face the death penalty .
sandy mitchell , 44 , from kirkintilloch , glasgow , and william sampson , a british citizen born in glasgow , face beheading in public .
he urged patience from americans eager for the service , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
the free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
jordan green , the prelate 's private lawyer , said he had no comment .
o 'brien 's attorney , jordan green , declined to comment .
mr hadley , who has a new partner and child , said : " i am absolutely delighted .
in a statement issued by his solicitors , mr hadley said : " i am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings .
the losses occurred overnight in willow canyon , one of three areas in the santa catalina mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres .
the losses occurred overnight in willow canyon , one of three areas in the santa catalina mountains threatened by the resurgent aspen fire .
" we do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , " declared rep. major owens ( d-brooklyn ) .
" we don 't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place , " he said .
however , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .
commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major linux distributors still remain months away .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
the nasdaq composite index .ixic was off 6.52 points , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .
two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .
but the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores .
" this deal makes sense for both companies , " halla said in a prepared statement .
brian halla , ceo of natsemi , claimed the deal made sense for both companies .
five more human cases of west nile virus , were reported by the mesa county health department on wednesday .
as of this week , 103 human west nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
under nasd regulations , mr. young can file a response and request a hearing before an nasd panel .
the analyst , already let go by merrill , can request a hearing before a nasd panel .
the president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in saudi arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven americans .
bush , however , also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in saudi arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of americans .
" i ´ m very proud of the citizens of this state , " gov. john baldacci said after votes from tuesday ´ s referendum were counted .
" i 'm very proud of the citizens of this state , " said gov. john baldacci , a casino foe .
among three major candidates , schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters .
schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than bustamante .
he will replace ron dittemore , who announced his resignation april 23 .
dittemore announced his plans to resign on april 23 .
maddox , 87 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery , virginia carnes said .
maddox , who had battled cancer since 1983 , cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery .
graham , a presidential candidate , was criticized by several republicans as ' ' politicizing ' ' the report .
graham , who co-chaired the inquiry , is a presidential candidate .
in 2002 , linksys overtook cisco systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .
rolfe said linksys overtook cisco systems last year as the leading supplier of wlan equipment .
schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers .
schools that don 't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers .
smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and suv carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants , said pinal county sheriff roger vanderpool .
people in a van opened fire on a pickup and suv believed to be transporting illegal immigrants , said pinal county sheriff roger vanderpool .
the vulnerability affects windows nt 4.0 , nt 4.0 terminal services edition , xp and 2000 , as well as windows server 2003 .
microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability , which affects windows nt 4.0 , windows nt 4.0 terminal services edition , windows 2000 , windows xp and windows server 2003 .
the additional contribution brings total u.s. food aid to north korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .
the donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of u.s. contributions for the year to 100,000 .
the european union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 ; the united states is now demanding that the eu end its ban .
the union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks .
annika sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the mcdonald 's lpga championship .
the appetizer devoured , annika sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the mcdonald 's lpga championship .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
the state 's population was 6,080,485 in 2000 , according to the u.s. census .
between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .
july 18 : hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against bryant .
bryant , 24 , has been charged with felony sexual assault .
instead , weida decided that meester 's case on charges of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial .
douglas meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
they made a similar discovery in houston on another aircraft , dallas-based southwest said in a statement .
the airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in houston .
rosenthal declined comment on the garrett situation tuesday but said in a statement : " we had a big contract negotiation .
the show 's creator and executive producer , phil rosenthal , quipped in a statement : " we had a big contract negotiation .
with the power back on , state workers headed back to their jobs friday morning .
pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job friday morning .
the nasdaq fell about 1.3 % for the month , snapping a seven-month winning streak .
the nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month , on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains .
the report was found oct. 23 , tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation .
the report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to hicks .
on saturday , the international committee of the red cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and basra .
the international committee of the red cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operating in iraq , announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in baghdad and basra .
the ireland palestine solidarity campaign , of which mr o muireagáin was a member , welcomed his release .
the ireland palestine solidarity campaign , of which he was a member , said he was researching a schools exchange project .
glover said the killer used a " peculiar slipknot " on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims .
glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot , ' ' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victims .
she said jane doe 's lawyers asked verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena .
jane doe , deciding to fight the subpoena , asked verizon to withhold her name .
in september , a 27-year-old singapore researcher contracted sars while working in a laboratory .
in a case in august , a 27-year-old laboratory worker in singapore developed sars .
a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the ten commandments monument from the building .
supporters asked a federal court monday to block the removal of a ten commandments monument from the alabama judicial building .
britz earned $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and kinney earned $ 3.76 million .
johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part-time adviser earned $ 1 million in 2002 .
that truck was spotted in the campbells creek area , fitting that description , morris said .
a black pickup truck was also seen in the campbells creek area , morris said .
chairman michael powell and fcc colleagues at the wednesday hearing .
fcc chief michael powell presides over hearing monday .
the dow jones industrial average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the nasdaq composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .
on wall street , the dow jones industrial average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the nasdaq composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1 .
but i would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . "
" i would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative .
niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the old man would outlive him by many years .
in 1999 , two years before his death , mr. nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years .
one , capt. doug mcdonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on thursday .
her 20-year-old sister , allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .
during a period of nearly a decade , telemarketing associates raised more than $ 7 million .
telemarketing associates , hired by vietnow , raised $ 7.1 million from 1987 to 1995 .
the bodies of former invercargill man warren campbell , 32 , and climbing companion jonathan smith , 47 , were recovered from below mt d 'archiac late yesterday morning .
warren david campbell , 32 , and climbing companion jonathan smith , 47 , did not return as expected on tuesday from climbing on mt d 'archiac in the mckenzie district .
mr. geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on april 3 .
he had been in protective custody since being transferred to souza-baranowski in april , officials said .
the 2000 democratic platform supported " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation . "
the democrat 's 2000 platform didn 't explicitly support gay marriages but backed " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation . "
its shares fell 71 cents , or 3.5 percent , in after-hours trading to $ 19.55 .
the stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular-session nasdaq trading .
hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing , which was carried live on national cable networks .
hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time all-star was carried live on national cable networks .
amd 's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $ 402 million .
second-quarter sales grew 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .
shelia chaney wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for turner monumental a.m.e. church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshippers said .
congregants of turner monumental ame church said shelia chaney wilson , 43 , was agitated when she came to the church , in the kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .
miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance of montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent dragan hajdukovic got 4 percent .
a pro-independence radical , miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
so far , georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .
georgia has received all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the fbi .
cubs outfielder sammy sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball friday for using a corked bat .
sammy sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball friday for using a corked bat , and he immediately appealed the decision .
half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .
half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo .
when police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .
each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home oct. 10 .
while the ibrahims had one separation operation , goodrich and dr. david staffenberg plan about three for the aguirres , with several weeks between each .
instead of one long operation to separate the twins , goodrich and dr. david staffenberg plan about three , with several weeks between each .
the blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .
the atlanta olympic games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people .
in 2001 , president bush named kathy gregg to the student loan marketing association board of directors .
in 2001 , president bush named her to the student loan marketing association , the largest u.s. lender for students .
the boston archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests .
the waves of scandal angered not only victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests , to the point that law could no longer run the archdiocese .
a federal magistrate in fort lauderdale ordered him held without bail .
zuccarini was ordered held without bail wednesday by a federal judge in fort lauderdale , fla .
the department 's position threatens to alienate social conservatives , who have provided strong political support for mr. ashcroft and president bush .
the department 's stance disappointed some abortion opponents , and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for ashcroft and president bush .
in that position , elias will report to joe tucci , president and ceo of emc .
as executive vice president of new ventures , elias will report to joe tucci , emc 's president and chief executive .
the new army commander is the masaka armoured brigade commanding officer , brigadier aronda nyakairima who is now promoted to major general .
president yoweri museveni has promoted brigadier aronda nyakairima to major general and named him army commander .
mailblocks was founded five years after webtv was acquired by microsoft for $ 425 million .
webtv was sold to microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called msn tv .
the metropolitan transportation authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , york declared .
the metropolitan transportation authority , which plans to appeal , was given until may 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates .
the state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of mcgrath .
the state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near mcgrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
peterson told police he fished alone in san francisco bay on christmas eve , returning to an empty house .
peterson told police he left his wife at about 9 : 30 a.m. on dec. 24 to fish alone in san francisco bay .
board chancellor robert bennett declined to comment on personnel matters tuesday , as did mills .
mr. mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .
the venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in russia and ukraine .
tnk-bp has six oil producing units , five refineries and 2,100 filling stations .
rep. peter deutsch , d-fla . , criticized the fda 's efforts in florida .
peter deutsch , d-fla . , said he wanted to congratulate the fda .
there are now 37 active probable cases in the gta , compared with 70 cases on june 6 .
and , globally , the number of active probable cases has declined to 573 .
sars has killed 296 people on china 's mainland and infected more than 5,200 .
throughout china 's mainland , the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270 .
the redesigned finder also features search , coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for mac , windows and unix file servers .
it also supports coloured labels to better organise documents , and dynamic browsing of the network for mac , windows and unix file servers .
the lawyer representing torch concepts , rich marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls .
officials with torch and jetblue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the mercury news seeking comment .
the s & p / tsx composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the tsx venture exchange composite gained 44.49 points .
on the week , the dow jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the nasdaq stock market gained 39.42 points .
in turn suse will license java 2 standard edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute sun 's java virtual machine for running java applications .
nuremberg , germany-based suse will license sun 's java 2 standard edition ( j2se ) and ship sun 's java virtual machine across its linux software line .
the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , following a two-day win of 55.93 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic eased 8.52 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .
we don 't know if any will be sars , " said dr. james young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
" we 're being hyper-vigilant , " said dr. james young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
the company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its q2 results .
the company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-july .
shinseki retires wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in vietnam and head of u.s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia .
shinseki 's career included combat in vietnam and head of u.s. peacekeeping efforts in bosnia .
the department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .
water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .
" but that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians , and that is not what we 're seeing . "
" but that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . "
ross garber , rowland 's lawyer , said tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
ross garber , rowland 's legal counsel , said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east java only on television .
mr hughes had seen amrozi 's face on television , the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east java .
two years later , the insurance coverage would begin .
under the agreement , medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 .
nasa satellite images show that arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .
researchers found that sea ice in the arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade .
" biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .
" biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said robert fraley , monsanto 's executive vice president .
in vienna , the iaea said elbaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .
in vienna , the international atomic energy agency said on monday elbaradei had accepted iran 's invitation , but said no date had yet been set .
that compared with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
earnings were affected by a non-recurring $ 8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period .
we remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue . "
alhart said the governor " remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions . "
the notification was first reported friday by msnbc .
msnbc.com first reported the cia request on friday .
there is , however , no photo of peter hollingworth in the june issue examined by the herald yesterday .
there is , however , no photograph of dr hollingworth in the june issue of the magazine examined by the age yesterday .
" we continue to work with the saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "
" but they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , " mr jordan said .
a statement released by dei said green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the winston open at lowe 's motor speedway .
it was announced that green will replace park in the dale earnhardt inc . no. 1 chevrolet , beginning with the winston open at lowe 's motor speedway next week .
costa 's semifinal opponent is spaniard juan carlos ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
costa will play juan carlos ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > added 8.27 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
we think they have the right to choose .
" we think peoplesoft customers deserve the right to choose , " ellison said .
" we have found the smoking gun , " investigating board member scott hubbard said .
" we have found the smoking gun , " said hubbard , director of nasa 's ames research center in california .
" this child was literally neglected to death , " armstrong county district attorney scott andreassi said .
armstrong county district attorney scott andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include kristen .
president bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 americans , the president 's campaign chairman said tuesday .
president bush has raised $ 83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in may , and has $ 70 million of that left to spend , his campaign said tuesday .
authorities in ohio , indiana and michigan have searched for the bodies .
so far , authorities also have searched areas in pennsylvania , ohio , indiana , and michigan .
he said european governments " have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears .
" they have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears , " bush said .
one question was whether france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. authorization for the war , would vote " yes " or abstain .
france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. approval for the war , also sought changes .
luzerne county district attorney david lupas told a news conference monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress ' ' in the case .
no charges have been filed in those deaths , but luzerne county district attorney david lupas said authorities were " continuing to make significant progress " in the case .
its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs ' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement .
attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement .
seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450 .
above that , medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
the flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey .
sir richard was speaking after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey .
government bonds sold off sharply after greenspan told congress on tuesday that the u.s. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth " .
greenspan told congress on tuesday the u.s. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth " .
for kathy nicolo ( jennifer connelly ) , the house means stability and family .
kathy nicolo ( jennifer connelly ) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart .
the institute for supply management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in april , reports said .
the institute for supply management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in march .
police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .
police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .
the priest , the rev. john f. johnston , 64 , of 35th avenue in jackson heights , was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .
the rev. john johnston , 64 , was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon , according to a police statement .
three no votes would kill it for now .
it would take three votes to kill the acc 's expansion .
some 660 prisoners from 42 countries , including canada , are held , many captured during the war against in afghanistan the al-qaida network .
some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the naval base at guantanamo bay , many captured during the war against al qaeda in afghanistan .
to reach john a. dvorak , who covers kansas , call ( 816 ) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak @ kctar.com .
to reach brad cooper , johnson county municipal reporter , call ( 816 ) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper @ kcstar.com .
prosecutor jim hardin called the decision a victory for kathleen peterson 's family .
members of kathleen peterson 's family were not present .
" i feel confident saying that hp is no longer an integration story , " fiorina said .
" we still have a lot to do , but i feel confident that hp is no longer an integration story . "
british police arrested 21 people early tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an african boy whose torso was found in the thames river .
police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river thames .
by late afternoon , the dow jones industrial average was up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , having gained 201 points monday to its highest level since july 2002 .
in morning trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , having gained 201 points monday .
eric gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities .
gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save .
shares closed on nasdaq just below their 52-week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
trading of echostar 's stock closed tuesday at a 52-week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
janice kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior mod officials that his name would not be made public .
she told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public .
if convicted , they face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts .
if convicted , each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved .
u.s. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on friday as wall street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in north america .
u.s. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on friday , as wall street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in north america .
between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported .
from 1993 to 2002 , there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy .
smith said simply " oh , my god , " in the seconds afterward , according to weinshall .
in the seconds after the crash , she added , captain smith said simply , " oh my god . "
cooley said he expects muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for malvo .
lee boyd malvo will be called as a witness wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect john allen muhammad .
" he really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , " daughter linda hope said .
" he really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... he gave us each a kiss and that was it , " she said .
he also could be barred permanently from the securities industry .
young faces a fine , suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry .
" they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , " said the oscar-winning film director .
he said : “ they were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .
a second victim , michael walker , 23 , was struck in the torso , the bullet perforating his lung .
the other victim , michael walker , of 550 barbey street , was struck in the neck .
franklin county judge-executive teresa barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the frankfort regional medical center .
a county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at frankfort regional medical center .
federal judge william barbour said tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying .
u.s. district judge william barbour said he imposed the maximum because avants showed no remorse .
about 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
the jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire .
but the prime minister told the bbc he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right .
he said he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .
gen. sattler heads a combined joint task force based on ship in the gulf of aden and the indian ocean .
general sattler heads a combined joint task force aboard the command ship mount whitney .
wall street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to thomson first call .
the results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by thomson first call .
the legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation hewlett-packard co. may be bidding for the company .
the legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in rim 's stock over speculation that pc giant hewlett-packard co. may be bidding for the company .
enron spokesman eric thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
" we think it 's great news , " said enron spokesman eric thode .
the parents want her kept alive ; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
michael schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
earlier , he told france inter-radio , " i think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . "
" i think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic , " health minister jean-francois mattei said on france inter radio .
terri schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .
terri schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the tampa bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , bob schindler .
prior to joining kodak , palumbo worked for procter & gamble corp. , where he managed products such as folgers and pantene shampoo .
prior to joining eastman kodak , mr. palumbo held senior marketing positions for procter & gamble .
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the solomons .
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by commissioner william morrell .
officials with north carolina speedway at rockingham could not be reached .
nascar officials could not be reached for comment tuesday .
they said the child was taken to nassau county medical center for observation .
the boy was taken to nassau university medical center , where staff said he was " doing okay . "
tisha kresler , a spokeswoman for global crossing , declined to comment .
a global crossing representative had no immediate comment .
the unions also staged a five-day strike in march that forced all but one of yale 's dining halls to close .
the unions also staged a five-day strike in march ; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts .
in midafternoon trading , the nasdaq composite index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
the nasdaq composite index .ixic dipped 8.59 points , or 0.48 percent , to 1,773.54 .
the dow jones industrial average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .
the dow jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
enron 's 401 ( k ) plan covered about 20,000 workers , retirees and beneficiaries .
enron 's stock comprised as much as 61 % of the workers ' 401 ( k ) portfolios .
the us senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure .
the senate judiciary committee on tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain .
but she didn 't say whether she 'll certify the two-year $ 117.4 billion budget for 2004-05 .
she said she didn 't know yet whether she would certify the budget .
it would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the remote procedure call ( rpc ) vulnerability .
the flaw involves the remote procedure call ( rpc ) protocol , which deals with inter-computer communications .
michelle wie chips sunday during her 1-up victory over virada nirapathpongporn in the 27th u.s. women 's amateur public links championship .
now she has her first trophy after victory in the us women 's amateur public links here on sunday .
sony said the psp would also feature a 4.5-inch lcd screen , memory stick expansion slots .
it also features a 4.5 in back-lit lcd screen and memory expansion facilities .
at one of the three sampling sites at huntington beach , the bacteria reading came back at 160 on june 16 and at 120 on june 23 .
the readings came back at 160 on june 16 and 120 at june 23 at one of three sampling sites at huntington beach .
carnival corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 during midday trading wednesday , down 72 cents or 2.25 percent .
carnival corp. stock was down 2.5 percent , or 81 cents , at $ 31.20 on the new york stock exchange .
but senate criticism of the house plan tuesday came on several fronts .
and several senate republicans are cranky about the house map .
as a result , murphy sought to substitute strier 's sister , ethel celnik , as the trustee .
murphy said strier 's sister , ethel celnik , was in the courtroom at the time , but strier was not .
the rule bars groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
it upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
kansas city drafted outfielder chris lubanski , from kennedy-kenrick high school in pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .
the royals chose chris lubanski , a high school outfielder from pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .
sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 gbp = .
the dollar rose 0.15 percent against the japanese currency to 115.97 yen .
" there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there 's not one person who 's responsible here , " gehman said .
in turning down the nima offer , gehman said , ' ' there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here .
devries did make one stop in town wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the soledad police department .
convicted child molester brian devries spoke out in response to community outrage wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the soledad police department .
at 5 p.m. edt , grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of corpus christi .
at 11 a.m. edt , fabian 's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 miles east of the leewards .
on saturday , a 149mph serve against agassi equalled rusedski 's world record .
on saturday , roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating andre agassi .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .
the nasdaq composite index .ixic jumped 43.64 points , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .
october heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon .
october heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon .
mr levine confirmed that ms cohen alon had tried to sell the story during the world cup .
ms cohen alon 's lawyer , donald levine , confirmed she tried to sell the story in february .
" this moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , " said hubbard , a member of the columbia accident investigation board .
" i think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage , " hubbard said .
egyptologists cast doubt tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have found the mummy of queen nefertiti , one of the best-known ancient egyptians .
egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of queen nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauties .
he was listed last night in critical but stable condition at kings county hospital center , police said .
that victim , a new jersey resident , was in critical but stable condition at the hospital .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr grew 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late wednesday .
at 11 a.m. ( 1500 gmt ) , the 10-year note us10yt = rr was up 11 / 32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent wednesday .
" but i do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
the ministry of defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of kenyan women who claim they were raped by british soldiers .
hundreds of kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by british soldiers were granted government legal aid wednesday to pursue their case against the ministry of defense .
shares of usa interactive rose $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on friday in nasdaq stock market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year .
shares of lendingtree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the nasdaq stock market yesterday .
similar bills passed the house twice but died in the senate .
two years ago , the house passed a similar version that floundered in the senate .
the show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .
the company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share .
the woman was hospitalized june 15 , kansas health officials said .
missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering .
blue chips edged lower by midday on wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
u.s. stocks fell in early morning trade on wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > tacked on 5.91 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .
the technology-focused nasdaq composite index < .ixic > advanced 6 points , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erasing earlier losses .
two kuwaitis and six palestinians with jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
they include two kuwaitis and six palestinians with jordanian passports , and the remainder are iraqis and saudis , the official said .
her birthday , 21 april , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .
when his grandmother , then-princess elizabeth , turned 21 in 1947 , the day was declared a public holiday , and she attended a reception and a ball .
the man , who entered the post office in lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6 : 30 p.m .
the man had entered the post office on woodside avenue at maine avenue shortly before 3 p.m .
outside the court , sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .
outside the court , sriyanto denied to the age that he had done anything wrong .
comcast class a shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the nasdaq stock market .
the stock rose 48 cents to $ 30 yesterday in nasdaq stock market trading .
thomas was joined in full by rehnquist , and in parts by o 'connor and scalia .
he was joined by chief justice william h. rehnquist and justices sandra day o 'connor and antonin scalia .
preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport , sources said .
the men had pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .
toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of sars and nine suspect cases .
as of wednesday , there were 65 probable sars cases in the toronto region .
the nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic gained 13.73 points , or 0.81 percent , to finish at 1,700.34 .
toll , australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered nz75 a share for tranz rail .
toll last week offered to buy the company for nz75c a share , or $ nz158 million .
messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of thursday morning .
messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , has labeled the worm " high risk " and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries .
oracle shares were also higher , trading up 12 cents at $ 13.60 .
shares of redwood shores-based oracle rose 14 cents to $ 13.62 .
with all precincts reporting , fletcher — a three-term congressman from lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .
with all precincts reporting , fletcher had 88,747 votes , or 57 percent of the total .
in hong kong , 24 patients were quarantined wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .
this after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms .
the unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since july 1994 .
the unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years .
micron 's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the dram manufacturer .
the fines are part of failed republican efforts to force or entice the democrats to return .
perry said he backs the senate 's efforts , including the fines , to force the democrats to return .
the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 , ending at its highest level for 12 months .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > climbed 19.11 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 .
swartz , indicted in february , had argued that new hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed , saying new hampshire was the wrong place to charge him .
they were at raffles hospital over the weekend for further evaluation .
they underwent more tests over the weekend , and are now warded at raffles hospital .
if convicted of the spying charges , he could face the death penalty .
the charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty .
entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network 's chokepoints and they are lobbying the fcc to aid and abet them .
it may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the internet 's choke-points and they are lobbying the fcc to aid and abet them . "
the military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldiers wounded .
the military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier killed and six wounded .
express scripts esrx.o shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the nasdaq .
shares of express scripts esrx.o fell about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the nasdaq in late morning trade .
police launched an international hunt for shevaun pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old toby studabaker saturday .
shevaun pennington disappeared on saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old toby studabaker .
the dow jones industrial average .dji was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
peace rules defeated funny cide in the louisiana derby .
but neither he nor peace rules could keep funny cide from drawing away .
boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks .
the korean air deal is expected to be finalized " in the next several weeks , " boeing spokesman bob saling said .
shares in eds closed on thursday at $ 18.51 , a gain of 6 cents .
shares of eds closed thursday at $ 18.51 , up 6 cents on the new york stock exchange .
a divided supreme court ruled monday that congress can force the nation 's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters .
the supreme court said monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters , rejecting librarians ' complaints that the law amounts to censorship .
of 24 million phoned-in votes , 50.28 percent were for studdard , putting him 130,000 votes ahead of aiken .
of the 24 million phone votes cast , studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of aiken .
consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
the food and drug administration rejected imclone 's 2001 application to sell erbitux , citing shoddy research .
the u.s. food and drug administration rejected imclone 's original application in december 2001 , saying the trial had been sloppily conducted .
critics say the law violates civil liberties , something house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner , r-wis . , says he is sensitive to .
house judiciary committee chairman james sensenbrenner , r-wis . , says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints .
so far , they have searched pennsylvania , ohio , michigan , illinois and indiana , authorities in those state said .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr firmed 31 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent .
the 30-year bond < us30yt = rr > firmed 24 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.18 percent , after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent .
strayhorn said it was the first time in texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act .
in a news release thursday , strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget .
only new jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones , pagers or other wireless devices while driving .
in addition , the ntsb also recommended to nhtsa that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving .
the audiotape aired last week by the arab al-jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks .
an audiotape aired last week by the arab al-jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that saddam survived the war .
the company didn 't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs .
but company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars .
dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city " sleepless summer " tour that he considered campaigning in texas a challenge .
today , dean ends his four-day , 10-city " sleepless summer " tour in chicago and new york .
" i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job , " she said .
cavender did say : " i felt that if i disagreed with rosie too much i would lose my job . "
the american decision provoked an angry reaction from the european commission , which described the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful " .
the european commission , the eu 's powerful executive body , described the move as " legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful . "
last year , he made an unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor .
he ran last year for the democratic nomination for texas governor , but lost the primary to multimillionaire tony sanchez .
the nation 's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by jan. 25 , 2005 .
wal-mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they 'll need to have radio-frequency id systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by jan. 25 , 2005 .
he was taken to a hospital for precautionary x-rays on his neck .
harvey was taken to st. luke 's hospital for precautionary neck x-rays , which came back negative .
there are 103 democrats in the assembly and 47 republicans .
democrats dominate the assembly while republicans control the senate .
the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting ; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week .
despite problems in the job market , the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting .
chante jawan mallard , 27 , went on trial monday , charged with first-degree murder .
chante jawaon mallard , 27 , is charged with murder and tampering with evidence .
linda saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges , including extortion , money laundering and conspiracy .
former phipps aides linda saunders and bobby mclamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion .
vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in paris at 15.78 euros .
vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in paris at 0841 gmt .
microsoft has identified the freely distributed linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales .
the company has publicly identified linux as one of its biggest competitive threats .
antonio monteiro de castro , 58 , currently director of the group ’ s latin america & caribbean operations , will become chief operating officer from the same date .
bat also said antonio monteiro de castro , director for latin america and the caribbean , would become chief operating officer on january 1 , 2004 .
" spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer , " it said .
the report added that " spin " and manipulative public relations " are not the answer , " but that neither is avoiding the debate .
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre .
trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north .
dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year .
dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed .
kadyrov was not injured , but four of his bodyguards were among those killed .
but itar-tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb .
the commission estimates california lost $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001 .
the commission estimated california lost $ 937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001 .
verisign introduced its site finder service on sept . 15 .
the battle around verisign " s three-week-old site finder service rages on .
after freitas ' opening statement , king county superior court judge charles mertel recessed trial until after the thanksgiving weekend .
king county superior court judge charles mertel will then recess the trial until monday .
google 's investors include prominent vc firms kleiner perkins caufield & byers and sequoia capital , the paper noted .
google 's early stage backers in include california-based stanford university and vc firms kleiner perkins and sequoia capital .
july 1st is the sixth anniversary of hong kong 's return to chinese rule .
the rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of hong kong 's return to china on 1 july 1997 .
joining boston on monday were the massachusetts communities of watertown , saugus and framingham .
along with boston , watertown , saugus and framingham also are going smoke-free monday .
get it all out , " says howard davidowitz , chairman of davidowitz & associates , a national retail consulting firm based in new york city .
innocent or not , " she 's damaged goods , " said howard davidowitz , chairman of davidowitz & associates , a national retail consulting firm in new york .
the updated products include pylon pro , pylon conduit , pylon anywhere , and pylon application server .
the new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of pylon conduit and pylon pro .
in april , it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share .
kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter .
others with such a status are egypt , israel , and australia .
nations like israel and australia already have such status .
the findings appear in wednesday 's journal of the american medical association ( news - web sites ) .
the results are to be published in wednesday 's issue of the journal of the american medical association .
one of the 14 kurds pointed at the word " refugee " in an english / turkish dictionary .
in 2006 , the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sales .
in 2006 , asia pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion .
captain robert ramsey of the us 1st armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am , and that one of the compound 's outer walls had collapsed .
captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am .
" the figures are becoming catastrophic , " said dr. patrick pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physicians .
this is unacceptable , " said patrick pelloux , the president of france 's association of emergency doctors .
" whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough , " covello told the 49-year-old , whose family , friends and supporters filled half the courtroom .
" what has happened to you , sir , by way of punishment , is certainly more than enough , " covello said .
yes , from today flash memory purchased from amd or fujitsu will be branded spansion .
spansion flash memory solutions are available worldwide from amd and fujitsu .
the world 's two largest automakers said their u.s. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected .
domestic sales at both gm and no. 2 ford motor co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash .
the pressure may well rise on thursday , with national coverage of the final round planned by espn , the cable sports network .
the pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round planned by espn and words that are even more difficult .
pataki praised abraham 's decision , and lipa chairman richard kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently .
lipa chairman richard kessel said that meant the cable could be used " as we see fit .
dynes came to uc san diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with at & t bell labs .
dynes has been at uc san diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with at & t bell labs , where he worked on superconductors and other materials .
it exploded in his hands , but the former italian prime minister was unhurt .
the letter bomb sent to prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt .
halabi 's military attorney , air force maj. james key , denied the charges , which could carry a death penalty .
the attorney representing al-halabi , air force maj. james key iii , denied the charges , according to the associated press .
waksal , in a letter to the court , said : " i tore my family apart .
in seeking leniency , waksal apologized to the court , his employees and his family .
since early may , the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows , jayroe said .
since early may , the city has received 1,400 reports , he said .
but forest , the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said : ' ' mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there .
forest , the freedom organisation for the right to enjoy smoking tobacco , said it had greeted the lancet 's call with " amusement and disbelief ' " .
opec producers at a meeting on wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of iraqi oil .
opec this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel 's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of iraqi exports undercutting oil prices .
a federal grand jury indicted them on tuesday ; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests .
federal officials said the document remained sealed until thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five western states .
richard miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant , but his wife has recovered .
richard miller , 57 , survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized .
the proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year .
the proportion of americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent , from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000 .
msn messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. gmt on wednesday from http : / / messenger.msn.com / download / v6preview.asp .
the msn messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. pst on wednesday , according to microsoft .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic lost 2 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 .
people who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new u.s. guidelines published on wednesday .
people who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better , according to new u.s. guidelines published on wednesday .
amazon also reported that the new york attorney general 's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified .
amazon and the new york attorney general 's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers .
allegiant shares rose $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in thursday morning trading on the nasdaq stock market .
allegiant 's stock closed wednesday at $ 23.40 , up 64 cents , in trading on the nasdaq market .
by state law , 911 calls are not public information and were not released .
by law , 911 calls are not public information in rhode island .
the adrs fell 10 cents to $ 28.95 at 10 : 06 a.m. in new york stock exchange composite trading today .
shares of fox entertainment group inc . , news corp. ' s u.s. media and entertainment arm , fell 45 cents to $ 26.85 in new york stock exchange composite trading .
bremer said one initiative is to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .
the nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 .
the nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday .
the british foreign office said monday that coalition authorities in iraq were pleased that the men were freed .
the british foreign office said it had mediated the two men 's release .
wal-mart estimates more than 100 million americans visit their stores every week .
each week 138 million shoppers visit wal-mart 's 4,750 stores .
added mr. prodi : " maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness . "
" maybe , but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world .
" i am proud that i stood against richard nixon , not with him , " kerry said .
" i marched in the streets against richard nixon and the vietnam war , " she said .
shares of corixa were gaining 71 cents , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the nasdaq .
in late-morning trading on the nasdaq stock market , corixa was up 74 cents , or 10 % , at $ 7.94 .
spokesmen for the fbi , cia , canadian security intelligence service and royal canadian mounted police declined to comment on el shukrijumah 's stay in canada .
the fbi , cia , canadian security intelligence service and royal canadian mounted police declined to comment on the washington times report .
" americans don 't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , " she said .
she also pledged to bring peace to iraq : " americans don 't cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . "
this is america , my friends , and it should not happen here , " he said to loud applause .
" this is america , my friends , and it should not happen here . "
on may 1 , he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon .
he crawled through a narrow , winding canyon , rappelled down a 60-foot cliff , and walked some six miles down the canyon near canyonlands national park in southeastern utah .
texas instruments climbed $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and novellus systems inc. advanced $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 .
texas instruments climbed $ us1.37 to $ us19.25 and novellus systems advanced $ us1.76 to $ us36.31 , each having been raised to " overweight " by lehman .
she asked to be excused from last week 's cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .
she took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of rwanda and uganda .
the dow jones industrial average .dji edged up 13.33 points , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 .
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > was off 7.75 points , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 .
monkeypox is usually found only in central and western africa .
prairie dogs , usually found in southwestern and western states , aren ’ t indigenous to wisconsin .
in addition , " fewer than 10 " fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to islamic mosques , the justice department said .
the launch coincides with the javaone developers ' conference in san francisco this week .
the news also comes in conjunction with suns annual javaone developers conference in san francisco .
a royal duty is based on his experiences with diana , princess of wales and letters allegedly to and from her .
the royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in a royal duty , based on the former servant ’ s time with diana , princess of wales .
the army said the raid , which comes just days after israeli troops shot and killed abdullah kawasme , the hamas leader in the city , targeted militants in hamas .
the arrests came just days after israeli troops shot and killed abdullah kawasme , the militant group 's leader in hebron .
sars went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the toronto area , including two nurses and a doctor .
the virus killed 44 people in the toronto area , including one doctor and two nurses .
he had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children .
he had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex .
" spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , " they announced at a press conference yesterday .
" spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant , " wyden and dorgan said monday in a letter to the pentagon .
agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology sponsored by the u.s. department of agriculture .
u.s. agriculture secretary ann veneman kicks off the three-day ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology on monday .
this year the audubon society once again hosts its annual christmas bird count .
it 's the national audubon society 's annual christmas bird count , now in its 104th season .
before it was removed , the site listed in broken english the rules for hackers who might participate .
organizers established a web site , http : / / defacerschallenge.com , listing in broken english the rules for hackers who might participate .
they also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss .
shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss .
the injured passenger at john peter smith hospital died later friday morning , jones said .
the injured passenger at john peter smith died later in the morning ; his name has not been released , jones said .
doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early , on or around november 14 .
a caesarean had originally been planned in mid- november , two weeks early .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic rose 17.26 points , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , based on the latest data .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > gained 5.51 points , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 .
founders of the group are matsushita electric , sony , hitachi , nec , royal philips electronics , samsung , sharp and toshiba .
celf 's founding members are hitachi , matsushita , nec , philips , samsung , sharp , sony , and toshiba .
is it in the food supply ? " says david ropeik , director of risk communication at the harvard center for risk analysis .
" it 's not zero , " said david ropeik , director of risk communication at the harvard center for risk analysis .
during a screaming match in 1999 , carolyn told john she was still sleeping with bergin .
she , in turn , occasionally told john that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend , " baywatch " hunk michael bergin .
on the other hand , if this will help further establish steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
if draining the ponds in maryland will further help establish steve 's innocence , we welcome it . "
fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states , many of whom are on the committee .
he said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states .
seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early saturday with two young women , aged 16 and 18 .
seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early saturday with two female teens , 16 and 18 years .
such a step could put the issue before the un security council .
the matter could then be sent to the u.n. security council .
he planned to stay all day until the river crested , which was forecast for late last night .
he and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding .
the camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round , according to its web site .
the saint sophia camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round , according to its web site .
dealers said the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $ 1.15 .
dealers said the euro 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 .
according to the census bureau , the hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the april 2000 census figures .
the hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the april 2000 census figures , despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s .
its shares jumped to $ 54.50 in pre-open trading from $ 50.90 at wednesday 's close .
shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading , rising to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 at tuesday 's close .
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > was off 58.69 points , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 .
the dow jones industrial average .dji fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on friday .
it was the best advance since oct. 1 , when the index gained 22.25 .
standard & poor 's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its best advance since oct. 1 , when it gained 22.25 .
mr. mask said mr. cullen would be taken from the somerset county jail by thursday and moved to the ann klein forensic hospital just outside trenton for psychiatric care .
charles cullen , 43 , was transferred from the somerset county jail in somerville to the anne klein forensic center , a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in trenton .
scientists believed stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust .
stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from wild 2 .
the report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the hong kong government 's handling of the sars crisis .
a long awaited report on the hong kong government 's handling of the sars outbreak has been released .
both devices implement the v1.2 standard 's esco facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications .
bluecore3 also implements v1.2 's esco facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for bluetooth transmission .
the drop in core wholesale prices in april reflected falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boy 's clothes and cigarettes .
that was the biggest drop since august 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars , trucks , men 's and boys ' clothes and cigarettes .
international rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in iran 's shattered ancient silk road city of bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people .
international rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in iran 's ancient silk road city of bam yesterday .
" i notice a mood change in their priorities , " one politician said .
" i notice a mood change in their priorities , " said one iraqi politician after meeting with mr. bremer .
heather , 35 , who lost a leg in a road accident , is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips , which would make natural childbirth impossible .
former model lady mccartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult .
vice president dick cheney and mississippi republican gubernatorial candidate haley barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd .
vice president dick cheney says mississippi republican haley barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy .
the 51-year-old nurse worked at north york general hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak .
emile laroza , 51 , contracted sars while working as a nurse at north york general hospital , the epicentre of the second sars outbreak .
rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts .
redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts .
mr. turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold .
the sales leave mr. turner with about 45 million shares in aol .
florida sen. bob graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled .
kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled ; dean at 57 percent .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx rose 3.47 points , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 .
the tech-laden nasdaq composite index .ixic shed 8 points , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 .
as a result , 24 players broke par in the first round .
twenty-four players broke par in the first round , the third highest figure in u.s. open history .
the technology-packed nasdaq composite index < .ixic > dropped 37.78 points , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 .
the nasdaq composite index fell 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday .
shares of sco closed at $ 10.93 , down 28 cents , in monday trading on the nasdaq stock market .
ibm shares closed up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the new york stock exchange .
the house voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill , the first of 13 that congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
the bill is among the first of 13 that congress must pass each year to fund the federal government .
against the japanese currency , the euro was at 135.92 / 6.04 yen against the late new york level of 136.03 / 14 .
the dollar was at 117.85 yen against the japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
besides hampton and newport news , the grant funds water testing in yorktown , king george county , norfolk and virginia beach .
the grant also funds beach testing in king george county , norfolk and virginia beach .
he said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the ishtar sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding u.s. forces leave iraq .
he said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the ishtar sheraton to stop working at the hotel .
with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing is slated to visit south korea from august 13 to 15 .
with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing flies to japan on sunday en route to south korea on august 13 .
bond bulls would like the fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness .
the fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness .
" there is the real potential for a secondary collapse , " gov. james mcgreevey said .
the damaged area of the garage was not stable , with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse , ' ' mcgreevey said .
no. 2 hp saw its unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion .
" people are obviously inconvenienced , " said dr. jim young , ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
the others were given copies of " dr. atkins ' new diet revolution " and told to follow it .
the researchers gave copies of " dr. atkins ' new diet revolution " to the carb-cutters .
russin did not comment ; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
his lawyer , a cousin , basil russin , did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages .
hispanics , the fastest growing ethnic group in the us , have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the us , according to newly released government figures .
hispanics have officially overtaken african americans as the largest minority group in the us , according to a report released by the us census bureau .
the bishop of armidale , peter brain , was forthright .
" he hasn 't got much choice , " said the bishop of armidale , peter brain .
the american stock exchange biotech index .btk surged 5 percent .
the philadelphia stock exchange 's semiconductor index .soxx jumped 6.10 percent .
" i really liked him and i still do , " cohen alon told the herald yesterday .
and i really liked him , and i still do .
for the full 12-month period ending june 30 , 2003 , advanced services lines for adsl increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent .
state education commissioner kent king said wednesday that the scores on the missouri assessment program tests disappointed him .
missouri education commissioner kent king said he was disappointed by the scores .
lowe 's , with about half as many stores , reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales .
home depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales .
caldera acquired the unix server software of the original sco and changed its name to the sco group .
sco changed its name to tarantella , and caldera later changed its name to the sco group .
officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , and reyna dropped a knee into his back , according to testimony .
that 's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him , according to testimony .
the best-performing stock was altria group inc . , which rose more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share .
altria group inc . mo.n fell 50 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 .
officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , " police officer j.d. tambe told reuters , adding 26 of the dead were women .
officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water , " police official j.d. tambe told reuters .
according to market research from the npd group , the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in april to 10.4 million in june .
the number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in april to 12.7 million in may and 10.4 million in june , according to npd .
" this is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . "
" this case is wholly without merit , both factually and legally , " judge denny chin scoffed .
the weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts .
maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph , with stronger gusts .
shiites make up 20 percent of the country 's population .
sunnis make up 77 percent of pakistan 's population , shiites 20 percent .
the cwa , which represents more than 2,300 comcast employees , called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 a year .
the communications workers union , which represents more than 2,300 comcast employees , called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $ 27,000 annually .
british airways ' new york-to-london runs will end in october .
british airways plans to retire its seven concordes at the end of october .
the only other person who had not been accounted for sunday was a man from fort worth , texas .
another person , a man from fort worth , texas , also was missing .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic declined 16.68 points , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 .
the currency briefly weakened slightly on monday to trade at 55.34 / 39 , not far from its record low of 55.75 .
the currency briefly weakened on monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25 / 29 , little changed from friday .
on sunday , a u.s. soldier was killed and another injured in southern iraq when a munitions dump exploded .
on sunday , a u.s. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern iraq .
" i 'm real excited to be a cleveland cavalier , " james said .
" i 'm really excited about going to cleveland , " james told espn.com .
according to law enforcement officials , the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker .
according to law enforcement officials , the individual decrypted passwords on the server .
excluding litigation charges , rim 's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share .
excluding patent litigation , rim 's loss for the quarter was $ 700,000 , or 1 cent per share .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gained 19.72 points , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 .
the dow jones industrial average .dji jumped 2.09 percent , while the standard & poor 's 500 index .spx leapt 2.23 percent .
it will also help reform the royal solomon islands police , strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry from intimidation .
the intervention force will confiscate weapons , reform the police , strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the finance ministry .
a jury convicted rapper c-murder , also known as corey miller , of second-degree murder tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a jefferson parish nightclub .
rapper c-murder has been convicted of second-degree murder , a crime that carries an automatic life sentence , in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a jefferson parish nightclub .
thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by wednesday evening , said daniel bogden , u.s. attorney in nevada .
thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought , us attorney daniel bogden said yesterday .
five-time tour de france winner and cancer survivor lance armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in denver on friday .
five-time tour de france winner lance armstrong is in denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer .
police using pepper spray arrested 12 people monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the law enforcement intelligence unit .
police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar .
the department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for allstate texas lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for state farm lloyds .
the department ordered a 12 percent reduction for state farm lloyds , the state 's largest insurer , and an 18.2 percent reduction for allstate texas lloyds , the third-largest .
colgate shares closed monday at $ 56.30 on the new york stock exchange .
colgate shares were down 30 cents at $ 56 in morning trade on the new york stock exchange .
several shots rang out in the darkness , but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m .
several shots rang out wednesday night , but no gators were killed then .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
the index , which measures activity in the service sector , climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in march .
the arizona-based ism reported monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in march .
" unlike many early-stage internet firms , google is believed to be profitable .
the privately held google is believed to be profitable .
" it is safe to assume the senate is prepared to pass some form of cap , " king said .
its safe to assume the senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap .... the level of it is to be debated .
and when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant " no " .
asked if he felt any regret about theoctober 12 attack , the answer was an adamant " no " .
another big gainer was rambus inc . ( nasdaq : rmbs - news - people ) , which shot 32 percent higher .
rambus inc . ( nasdaq : rmbs - news - people ) shot up 38 percent , making it the biggest percentage gainer on the nasdaq .
russ britt is the los angeles bureau chief for cbs.marketwatch.com .
emily church is london bureau chief of cbs.marketwatch.com .
douglas robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis .
douglas robinson , ca senior vice president , finance , will fill the position in the interim .
shares of littleton , colorado-based echostar rose $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10 : 55 a.m .
on monday , echostar ( dish : news , chart , profile ) shares shrank $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 .
the valid signatures of 897,158 registered california voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by sept . 2 .
to force a recall election of davis , the valid signatures of 897,158 registered california voters must be turned in to election officials .
the benchmark 10-year note us10yt = rr lost 11 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on monday .
further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note us10yt = rr shed 18 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent .
revenue rose 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion .
the mclean , virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion .
argentine guillermo coria and netherlander martin verkerk are in the other half .
the other semifinal between guillermo coria of argentina and martin verkerk of the netherlands is also compelling .
" what can i say to you ? " he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
mr. powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones , many of them marking the graves of entire families .
the findings are published in the november 6 edition of the journal nature .
both studies are published on thursday in nature , the british weekly science journal .
median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after accounting for inflation .
the same survey found the median household income rose by $ 51 , when accounting for inflation , to $ 43,057 .
u.s. and european leaders pledged on wednesday to work together to keep iran from developing nuclear weapons , presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over iraq .
bush said u.s. and european union leaders , at an annual washington summit , agreed on the need to keep iran from developing nuclear weapons .
he left the army for syria where he received religious training .
he moved to syria , where he underwent further religious training in traditional islamic beliefs .
the meeting was scheduled to end wednesday night , with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination 's view on issues but that are not binding on churches .
on wednesday , attendees will vote on resolutions that express the southern baptist view on issues , but are not binding on individual churches .
this led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram cancuen altar , announced on wednesday by the vanderbilt university in nashville and the national geographic society .
this led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound cancun altar , vanderbilt university in nashville and the national geographic society announced wednesday .
in a not-too-subtle swipe at dean , he predicted americans would not elect a democrat " who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . "
they will not elect as president a democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times . "
the report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 .
a new study , conducted in europe , found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study , sponsored by imclone systems , said it did .
doctors concluded erbitux , the cancer drug that enmeshed imclone systems in an insider trading scandal , worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did .
her lawyer donald levine told the telegraph she had been offered $ us250,000 to tell her story exclusively to australian tv .
mr levine said she had been offered $ 400,000 to tell her story to an australian tv network .
perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting .
perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .
negotiators said friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a central american free trade agreement .
negotiators said friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the united states and five central american countries this week in houston .
" it 's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in japan , " where there is a lack of expertise , says one banker .
" it is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in japan , " says one banker .
mr. pingeon is director of litigation for massachusetts correctional legal services , a prisoners ' rights group .
pingeon said an attorney for his organization , massachusetts correctional legal services , interviewed assan tuesday .
ccag supported bill curry , rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election .
mr. swan 's group supported the governor 's democratic opponent , bill curry , in the 2002 election .
they later fell out and have backed a series of rival congolese militias in recent years .
the two invading countries later fell out , and have since backed rival factions .
another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the federal trade commission 's list .
meantime , the direct marketing association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list .
veteran entertainer bob hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on thursday .
hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer bob hope 's 100th birthday on thursday .
declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the new york stock exchange .
advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the nyse and more than 11 to 5 on nasdaq .
a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , the ship took about five years to build .
the reagan , a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres , is the ninth nimitz-class carrier to be built at the newport news shipyard .
im very proud of the citizens of this state , said gov. john baldacci , a casino foe .
an injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition .
a woman was listed in good condition at memorial 's healthpark campus , he said .
they reported symptoms of fever , headache , rash and muscle aches .
symptoms include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light .
" we 've become like total strangers , " klein quotes him as saying .
" we 've become like total strangers , " john told a pal two days before his death .
davey graduated saturday from northwest college , which is affiliated with the assemblies of god , with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy .
davey started attending northwest college , which is affiliated with the assemblies of god , in 1999 with plans to become a minister .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic fell 23.54 points , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx gave up 11.91 points , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 .
" your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . "
" your withdrawal from our country is inevitable , whether it happens today or tomorrow , " added the voice , which signed off giving the date as " mid-september . "
according to a news release sent by the terry schindler-schiavo foundation , florida speaker johnnie byrd will introduce " terri 's bill " during the special session monday .
florida 's speaker of the house johnnie byrd , is expected to introduce ' ' terri 's bill ' ' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in tallahassee .
also , businesses throughout utah are volunteering to display amber alerts on their signs .
other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards .
for the year , it expects sales of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations .
this is an increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast .
after hughes refused to rehire hernandez , he complained to the equal employment opportunity commission .
hernandez filed an equal employment opportunity commission complaint and sued .
dewhurst 's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial " robin hood " plan for school finance .
the committee would propose a replacement for the " robin hood " school finance system .
other countries and private creditors are owed at least $ 80 billion in addition .
other countries are owed at least $ us80 billion ( $ 108.52 billion ) .
telemarketers who call numbers on the list after oct. 1 could face fines of up to $ 11,000 per call .
under the law , telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $ 11,000 for each violation .
the bodies of some of the dead , pulled out from under the train , were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins .
the bodies of many of the dead , pulled from under the partially derailed train , were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification .
" enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud , " prosecutor samuel buell told the associated press .
" enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earnings results , " buell said .
while the day 's trading was lackluster , the standard & poor 's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 .
the standard & poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected .
chief financial officer andy bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected .
judge leroy millette jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when muhammad is formally sentenced feb. 12 , but virginia judges rarely take such action .
though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole , experts say virginia judges rarely take that opportunity .
a spokeswoman at strong memorial hospital said doud was in satisfactory condition tuesday night .
a spokesman at strong memorial hospital said doud was under evaluation tuesday evening in the emergency room .
ray brent marsh , 29 , faces multiple counts of burial service fraud , making false statements , abuse of a dead body and theft .
ray brent marsh , 29 , also faces charges of abuse of a body , and theft .
after that , college president paul pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .
after hedges ' microphone was unplugged for a second time , pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech .
us military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner .
us officials said downward " rotor wash " generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower .
the settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after o 'malley took the helm of the nation 's fourth-largest archdiocese .
the $ 85 million agreement was reached in september , less than two months after archbishop sean o 'malley took over as leader of the nation 's fourth-largest diocese .
the u.s. capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the senate wing , capitol police said .
u.s. capitol police evacuated the capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the senate wing , but authorities later said it was a false alarm .
the former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation , said his spokesman jim kennedy .
his spokesman jim kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was down 0.04 points , or 0 percent , at 971.52 .
standard & poor 's 500 stock index futures for june were down 2.60 points at 965.70 , while nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50 .
dubbed project mad hatter , the linux-based desktop is being promoted by sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to windows .
designed to compete with microsoft corp. , project mad hatter is being positioned by sun as a cheaper , secure alternative desktop operating system to microsoft 's various desktop offerings .
a key figure in former state treasurer paul silvester 's bribery scheme was accused wednesday of changing his story about silvester 's alleged corrupt dealings with a boston investment firm .
a key player in former state treasurer paul silvester 's corruption scheme testified on tuesday about kickbacks and bribes silvester traded for state business .
" the mission of the capps ii system has been and always will be aviation security , " said the administration , part of the homeland security department .
" the mission of the capps ii system has been and always will be aviation security , " they said .
yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the bsd sites , with 152,054 from ntt / verio and 129,378 from infospace , the survey found .
another 152,054 are from ip services company ntt / verio , and 129,378 from infospace , the survey found .
in the latest top-level shuffle at cnn , teya ryan is leaving her post as general manager of u.s. programming , the network announced .
in cnn 's latest move to rejuvenate ratings , the network has ousted teya ryan , general manager of u.s. programming .
he is suspected of being a key figure in jemaah islamiyah , the al-qa 'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings .
samudra , 32 , is suspected of being a key figure in the al-qaida-linked terror group jemaah islamiyah , which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings .
about 100 firefighters are in the bosque today , albuquerque fire chief robert ortega said .
" we were seconds away from having that happen , " albuquerque fire chief robert ortega said .
" the issue has been resolved , " marlins president david samson said through a club spokesman .
the marlins only said : " the issue has been resolved . "
china 's health ministry said five more people had died of sars and a further 159 were infected .
on monday , china said nine more people had died from sars and that 160 more were infected with the virus .
the witness , a 27-year-old kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty , was paid 10,000 by the news of the world .
the witness was a 27-year-old kosovan parking attendant , who was paid by the news of the world , the court heard .
the differences between grassley and thomas on energy and medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party .
their differences on energy and medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party .
he wounded a security guard and then fled , stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade .
he then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the mediterranean sea .
he and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time .
he attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time ; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues .
congratulations on being named time magazine 's person of the year .
time magazine named the american soldier its person of the year for 2003 .
the indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks , recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation .
samudra not present in bangkok , the indictment said , but attended a series of meetings before the attacks , recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation .
six democrats are vying to succeed jacques and have qualified for the feb. 3 primary ballot .
six democrats and two republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the feb. 3 primary ballot .
elecia battle , of cleveland , told police she dropped her purse as she left the quick shop food mart last week after buying the ticket .
elecia battle dropped her purse after buying the mega millions lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away .
customers include mitsubishi , siemens , dbtel , dell , hp , palm , philips , sharp , and sony .
mediaq 's customers include major handheld makers mitsubishi , siemens , palm , sharp , philips , dell and sony .
among the workers , the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age .
" short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers , " writes barrenas .
mr colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
neither olaf nor the belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation .
until now , sales of the entertainment-oriented pcs have been limited to the united states , canada and korea .
the computers are currently sold in canada , the united states , and korea .
ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that linux is a threat to microsoft .
in the memo , ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to microsoft .
the broad standard & poor 's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 .
standard & poor 's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50 , while nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50 .
talabani told him the governing council would " need un assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken . "
talabani told him iraqi leaders would " need u.n. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken " on organising an interim iraqi government by june .
stanford ( 46-15 ) plays south carolina ( 44-20 ) today in a first-round game at rosenblatt stadium in omaha , neb .
stanford ( 46-15 ) plays south carolina ( 44-20 ) on friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament .
the same survey a month ago had street leading katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided .
one month ago in the same poll , katz was leading 46 to 40 percent .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > advanced 11 points , or 1.25 percent , to 931 .
the standard & poor 's 500 index gained 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12 : 01 p.m. in new york .
but they don ’ t realize that until it ’ s too late ( of course ) because they ’ re potential victims in a horror movie .
but they don 't realize that until it 's too late ( of course ) because they 're potential victims .
arthur benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , said he will appeal .
an attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal .
pennsylvania , which has the most aggressive treatment program , is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates .
texas , which has more than three times michigan 's inmate population , is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates .
the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months .
instead , prosecutors dismissed charges and rucker left the courtroom a free man .
instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges .
he arrives later this week on the first state visit by a us president .
mr bush arrives on tuesday on the first state visit by an american president .
the deal , approved by both companies ' board of directors , is expected to be completed in the third quarter of nvidia 's fiscal third quarter .
the acquisition has been approved by both companies ' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year .
the volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by bush , said senate president jim king .
the senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 gov. jeb bush proposes , said senate president jim king .
stripping out the extraordinary items , fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year .
earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended may 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier .
" if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism , " he said .
this is a hospital that treats everybody as people , and if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism . "
if it 's a bill gates comdex keynote , it must be time for new tablet pcs .
if it 's the sunday night before comdex , it must be time for yet another bill gates keynote .
according to reports , knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a los angeles nightclub .
he was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in la .
among those waiting a turn was jodie singer , a sixth-grader from washington , d.c .
jodie singer , a sixth-grader from washington , d.c. , anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone .
but the cancer society said its study had been misused .
the american cancer society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways .
both are being held in the armstrong county jail .
tatar was being held without bail in armstrong county prison today .
a few miles further east is tehuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .
a few miles west are the pyramids of teotihuacan , where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago .
the confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
named in the complaint were former chief executive officers paul a. allaire and g. richard thoman and former cfo barry d. romeril .
the executives fined included former chief executives paul a. allaire and g. richard thoman as well as former chief financial officer barry romeril .
it estimated on thursday it has a 51 percent market share in europe .
boston scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in europe .
the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index .ixic was off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 points , at 1,594.13 .
mr morse is charged with assault and mr darvish is charged with filing a false report .
his partner bijan darvish is charged with filing a false police report .
the third appointment was to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer .
bruce n. hawthorne , 53 , was named executive vice president and chief staff officer .
analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share , according to thomson first call .
analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $ 614 million , according to the thomson first call web site .
the district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation .
parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday .
richard grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $ 140 million pay package .
grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $ 140 million compensation package .
sliding down the ice , moriarty and carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .
sliding down the embankment , the two rescuers hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull .
cadbury schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ( $ a11.9 billion ) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs .
cadbury schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree .
mr. sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in philadelphia at the annual meeting of the american political science association .
sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on saturday night at the annual meeting of the american political science association .
it seemed like an isolated incident , " said ariel dean of washington d.c. , who earned a degree in political science .
it seemed like an isolated incident , ' ' said graduate ariel dean of washington , d.c .
the jury awarded tvt about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damages .
tvt records sought $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , officials said .
the damages included $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for idj .
the two democrats on the five-member fcc panel held a news conference to sway opinion against powell .
the two democrats on the five-member fcc held a news conference to sway opinion against powell and the panel 's two other republicans .
unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales .
in may 2002 , lcds accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales .
besides battling its sales slump , siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed .
besides a sales slump , siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls .
stanford ( 51-17 ) and rice ( 57-12 ) will play for the national championship tonight .
rice ( 57-12 ) and stanford ( 51-17 ) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6 : 05 p.m. monday .
a 32-count indictment " strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world , " u.s. attorney marcos jimenez said .
the newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and " strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world , " jiménez said .
a soldier was killed monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern iraq .
a cost analysis is under way , said michael rebell , cfe 's executive director .
" we 're not looking for a robin hood remedy , " said michael rebell , the campaign 's executive director .
dotson told fbi agents that he shot dennehy after the player tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
the stock rose $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on friday at $ 21.51 on the new york stock exchange .
pg & e corp. shares jumped $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the new york stock exchange on friday .
eric gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by greg norton .
closer eric gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth .
blair 's government included the charge that saddam sought uranium from niger in a september 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action .
britain included the accusation in a september 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in iraq .
not counting energy prices , wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent .
energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since july 1986 .
hong kong was flat , australia , singapore and south korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent .
australia was flat , singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and south korea added 0.2 percent .
suvs parked on residential streets in monrovia were tagged with " elf " and other slogans , and another was set ablaze in front of a house , sgt. tom wright said .
several suvs parked on residential streets in monrovia were tagged with ``elf ' ' and other slogans , said sgt. tom wright .
at tuesday 's arraignment hearing , marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements .
at the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges .
still , revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge .
how would the extra premiums be collected ?
semiconductor giant intel corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business .
intel corp. ' s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors .
schroeder cancelled his italian holiday after stefani refused to apologise for the slurs , which came after berlusconi compared a german politician to a nazi concentration camp guard .
stefani 's remarks further stoked tension after italian prime minister silvio berlusconi last week compared a german member of the european parliament to a nazi concentration camp guard .
dell 's openmanage software includes dell update packages with sms to help automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches with a single tool .
the update packages help " automate the management of server hardware , applications and operating systems patches using one tool , " which is unpleasantly vague .
lurd 's ja 'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a u.s.-led western peacekeeping force .
the rebels are also calling for the deployment of a u.s.-led peacekeeping force .
benchmark treasury 10-year notes gained 17 / 32 , yielding 4.015 percent .
the benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17 / 32 , to yield 4.067 percent .
volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares , up from 798.95 million at the same point tuesday .
volume came to 439.66 million shares , below 450.39 million at the same point wednesday .
penn traffic 's stock closed at 36 cents per share on wednesday on nasdaq , up two cents .
penn traffic stock closed wednesday at 36 cents , up 2 cents , or 6.2 percent , from tuesday 's close .
hotly contested legislation that would change the state 's takeover law and help a michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state senate on thursday .
legislation that would change state takeover law and help bloomfield hills-based taubman centers inc. fend off a $ 1-billion takeover won committee approval tuesday .
the family owns cheetahs strip clubs here and in las vegas .
the searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in san diego and las vegas .
the new bill would have medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $ 5,100 .
above that , seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $ 3,600 .
prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an illinois pet shop by a gambian giant rat imported from africa .
prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a gambian rat imported from africa .
the defense cannot appeal roush 's ruling until after the trial .
defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial , in the appellate courts .
the committee was appointed by defense secretary donald rumsfeld under orders from congress .
the public hearing is the second for the panel created by defense secretary donald rumsfeld under pressure from congress .
former indiana rep. frank mccloskey , 64 , died sunday in bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer .
mccloskey died sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer .
hospitals and the red cross appealed to blood donors yesterday .
the connecticut hospital association joined the red cross monday in calling for more blood donors .
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison .
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province .
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years .
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour .
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable .
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago .
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others .
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty ( cfe ) .
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) treaty .
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders .
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises .
the center will be operational in august 2008 .
the center will formally open in 2009 .
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers .
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs .
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days .
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran 's state gas firm .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990 .
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia 's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia .
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia , particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces .
the drug is also known as ice or shabu .
methamphetamine is also known as ice .
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty .
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty .
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima .
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua , nicaragua .
nato regrets russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .
russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction .
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency .
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology .
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract .
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract .
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force .
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph .
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s .
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east .
russia is a member of the nsg .
the deal has been in process for several years .
the iaea has been investigating iran 's nuclear activities for 4 years .
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .
no other drug has become as integral in decades .
the drug has been around in other forms for years .
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran 's nuclear program and activities .
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran 's nuclear program and activities .
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area .
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars .
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency .
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups .
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan .
police stated that-- chung has been on the run .
2 of the individuals arrested were released .
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles .
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) .
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe .
the osce meeting lasted two days .
the osce meeting was held in madrid .
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace .
china is an important force for promoting world development .
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment .
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington .
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc .
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
john duncan is great britain 's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament .
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament .
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race .
kadhafi warns that us and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming .
western countries ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming .
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 .
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks .
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare .
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir .
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing 's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq .
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil .
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia .
abuja is the capital of
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia .
tirana is the capital of
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers , arrest 2 , and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine .
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons ( 5.5 tons ) of opium and morphine .
iran 's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes .
china is north korea 's closest ally .
north korea is a reclusive state .
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security .
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers .
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking .
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .
zabol is a town in southeastern iran .
khoramabad is a city in western iran .
detainees to be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police .
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnappings and the funding of terrorism .
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal .
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months .
france provides the rockets , guns and engines .
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes .
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking .
capital offences in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
bae systems is the uk 's largest defense company .
bae systems is the uk 's largest military
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue .
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces .
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze .
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze .
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan .
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way .
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe .
president dmitry medvedev 's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies .
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies .
turkmenistan borders afghanistan .
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan .
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society .
amnesty international is a rights group based in london .
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london .
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports .
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports .
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail .
paris is the capital of france .
lima is the capital of
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity .
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection .
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate .
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue .
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension .
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia .
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists .
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin .
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin .
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( about 13.9 billion us dollars ) .
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( approximately 13.9 billion us dollars ) to the uk defense company bae systems .
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin .
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin .
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project .
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project .
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public .
many of the people executed are hanged in public .
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms .
the united states and some european nations believe that iran 's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons .
the matter is delicate .
the iaea report is restricted .
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe .
the u.s. , other western nations and nato condemned the violence .
the u.s. , other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire .
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons .
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal .
myanmar 's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
myanmar 's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas .
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas .
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants .
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants .
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption .
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment-related , reprocessing or heavy water-related activities .
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapons delivery systems .
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos , cambodia , australia , china , the united states and taiwan .
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited .
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty .
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe .
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building , transparency and cooperation between member states .
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building , transparency and cooperation measures between member
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake .
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government 's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions .
the treat was originally signed in 1990 .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .
the meetings lasted 2 days .
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking .
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking .
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran .
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia 's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran .
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections .
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons ( opaq ) will also take part in the meeting .
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s .
a hp / detijd journalist learned about tno 's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry 's archives .
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc . , said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war .
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990 .
many of the attacks originated abroad .
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia .
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects .
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group .
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .
russia already participates in the european space agency 's
france is a leader in the european space agency .
myanmar is a military state .
myanmar has a military junta .
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison .
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public .
amnesty international 's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld , which opposes armed violence .
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums .
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .
the international community should modernize and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations .
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation .
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar .
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar : making a mockery of the eu arms embargo ?
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms ( 22 pounds ) of heroin .
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms ( 24 pounds ) of heroin .
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment .
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment .
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space .
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar .
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts .
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security .
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india 's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft .
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force .
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law .
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan .
united states officials do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapons program has progressed .
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
defense chiefs from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center .
defense chiefs from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia signed the agreement .
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan 's government last week .
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government 's lower house last week .
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment .
van der merwe suspended geiges ' sentence to 5 years imprisonment .
zahedan is a city in southeastern
bam is a city in southeastern
brazil 's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .
unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking .
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering , tax evasion and corruption .
variants of the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) contain rocket launchers from belgium ; rockets , guns and engines from france ; brake systems from italy ; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain ; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies .
the alh 's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets , guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company .
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases .
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent .
the killers escaped .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999 .
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day .
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day .
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government .
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
the areva group is the world 's largest nuclear engineering firm .
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers .
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers .
myanmar is the world 's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade .
myanmar is the world 's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report .
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon .
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws .
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations .
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective .
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia .
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce 's mission in kosovo .
the osce discussed kazakhstan 's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009 .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years .
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney 's speech on china 's military development .
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years .
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999 .
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community .
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions .
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions .
sharia is islamic law .
iran is an islamic republic .
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore , and officials stated the militants ' network extends into indonesia .
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore .
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems .
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems .
naeem m. was hanged in zabol , sistan-baluchestan province .
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province .
it will be hosted by the australian government .
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government .
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain , china , france , russia and the united states .
p5 + 1 members are britain , china , france , russia , germany and the united states .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility .
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy 's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government .
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy 's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama .
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
south africa 's foreign ministry stated that south africa 's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency 's program .
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program .
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences .
china 's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba .
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis ( parliament ) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel 's visit to cuba .
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama .
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack .
godzhayev and godzhayev 's lawyers were not immediately available to comment .
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi 's assets .
the western governments include the united states and france .
the chinese government has strengthened china 's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years .
the chinese government has strictly censored china 's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years .
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia 's security interests .
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation 's security interests .
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran .
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad 's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad 's home .
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia .
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea .
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international .
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional .
china 's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on " dual-use " nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive .
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il .
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military .
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law .
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries ' political systems .
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems .
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained .
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty .
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world 's biggest producers of opium .
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail .
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations .
the meeting was 3 days long .
the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation .
the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing .
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council .
china is a permanent member of the un security
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons .
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program .
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore .
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure .
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia .
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial .
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty .
israel remains outside the treaty .
china is a member of the ballistic missile club .
this is particularly true in the poorest countries .
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces .
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking .
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking .
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security .
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya .
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering .
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union .
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site .
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people , documents , sites .
the international atomic energy agency is based in
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image .
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer .
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder .
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces .
russia 's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary .
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs .
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india .
korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory .
korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes .
lugar and nunn are senators .
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal .
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato .
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies .
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence .
in early may 2002 the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership .
leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union .
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists , black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them .
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons , the materials to make them , and the missiles and other systems to deliver them .
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures .
there is much concern over the drug .
there is much work to be done .
the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh , components or military technology to myanmar .
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug trafficking , repeated sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government .
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council .
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un .
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced .
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999 .
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998 .
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group .
3 suspected extremists were released on bail .
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail .
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking .
this further aggravated the situation .
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation .
drug lord captured by marines in mexico
suspected drug lord known as ‘ el taliban ’ held in mexico
explosion hits oil pipeline in syria 's homs
explosion hits pipeline as assad attacks cities
nato soldier killed in s. afghanistan
israel ex-spy warns against ' messianic ' iran war
israeli ex-spy boss : no trust in leadership over iran – video
eye opener : supreme court rules on arizona immigration law
u.s. supreme court issues split ruling on arizona immigration law
nato traces path out of afghanistan
nato leaders commit to afghanistan transition
sachin tendulkar says i 'm not god , i 'm sachin
sachin tendulkar scores cricket 's first 100th century
australian pm gillard set to win leadership challenge
australian pm defiant under pressure over leadership
obama backs philippines over south china sea
obama says clear rules needed to calm south china sea
teenager in china kills 8 , wounds 5 in knife attack
teenager kills 8 in knife attack
syrian rebels move command from turkey to syria
free syrian army moves headquarters from turkey to syria
knesset speaker : obama reelection bad for israel
7 states sue over obama administration 's birth control rule
greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
greece secures biggest debt deal in history
polls open in russian presidential election
indian finance minister quits to run for president
julian assange plans to run for australian senate
jerry sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
three tibetans self-immolate in western china : report
7 tibetans self-immolate in china
white house in damage control over obama supreme court remarks
fact check : obama 's supreme court remarks
annan warns talks of syria risks
putin , annan meet on syria crisis
quartet calls on israelis , palestinians to end irritants
occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of palestinian land in deir estia
nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
nigeria : university bombed in north
china 's cabinet promises to boost economy
china 's wen promises job creation
tropical storm isaac boosts jobless claims
tropical storm joyce forms , stays in open atlantic
freddie starr arrested in savile abuse probe
third man arrested in savile sex abuse probe
stocks rise early after greek deal , then flatten
stocks edge higher after greek debt deal
nato : 2 international troops killed in afghanistan
three nato troops killed in one day in afghanistan
moscow protesters demand vladimir putin 's resignation
moscow protest against vladimir putin smaller and quieter
french election turnout higher than expected
french presidential election : first round - live updates
two u.s. soldiers shot , killed by afghan soldier
two british soldiers killed by afghan policeman
italy soldiers die in afghanistan
two uk soldiers killed in afghanistan
egypt ’ s coptic church names new pope
egypt 's coptic church prepares to choose pope
malawi officially confirms president 's death
mali 's tuareg rebels declare independence
mali rebels declare independent ' azawad'
lance armstrong stripped of tour de france titles
lance armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
egypt votes on final day of presidential election
polls open in france for presidential election
is madeleine mccann still alive ?
reopen madeleine case , police urge
aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
mayday : fears for asylum seekers
isaf : 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving afghan police
nato says four troops killed in " insider " attack in afghan south
un security council unanimous vote on syria
un security council to vote on up to 300 syria monitors
audi to buy motorcycle maker ducati
probe into motor insurance market
22 dead in suicide attack on yemen police academy
au forces intensify attack on somali rebels
south korea orders immediate shutdown of 2 nuclear reactors
south korea to boost nuclear power ?
us , allies to set demands for iran nuclear talks
'iran won 't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
thousands of troops to march for jubilee
thousands flock to amsterdam for queen 's day
middle east : israel : hamas leader convicted
middle east : iraq : 17 prisoners escape in kirkuk
woman dies after abortion refusal
woman dies after cliff collapses in dorset
u.s. and turkey tighten coordination on syria
death toll rises to 236 after brazzaville blasts
rep. of congo : 236 dead after arms depot blasts
i 'll have another retired to stud
i 'll have another wins preakness
syria journalists rescue bid fails
journalists smuggled out of homs
new sex claim hits secret service
new rules for us secret service
rimsha masih released on bail
mandela released from hospital
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in lebanon
180 killed in iran earthquake
gains in financial stocks push up european equities
british christians take complaints to european court
turkey raises alarm over syrian refugees
turkey seeks to relocate some syrian refugees
suspected al-qaeda financier arrested in france
three al qaeda suspects arrested in spain
no damage , tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off indonesia 's sumatra
5.9 quake hits indonesia s sumatra : usgs
israeli air strikes kill 16 in gaza
israel air strikes kill 4 in gaza ; death toll now at 38
18 killed , 108 wounded in wave of bombings in iraq
9 killed , 31 wounded in car bombs in iraq 's kirkuk
palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
israel to free palestinian hunger striker
hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over israel
hezbollah says it sent drone over israel
rebel fighters ' capture ' syrian soldiers
free syrian army captures syrian officers
colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist 's care
doctor treating aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
what time is andy murray v roger federer in the wimbledon men 's final ? all you need to know about the big game
what time is the paralympic opening ceremony ? everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
new jersey school bans hugging
us school bans hugging
tsunami warning issued for southern alaska
tsunami warning after canada quake
'no evidence ' in afghanistan massacre case
us toll in afghanistan hits 2,000
cash-rich apple to pay dividend , buy back shares
apple to pay $ 2.65 / share dividend , buy back $ 10b stock
australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
french unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
shares move higher on wall street
sandy strengthens as nears coast ; wall street shut
halliburton 1q income rises 23 pct
halliburton q1 profits rise on strong north america sales
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest pakistan
12 killed in u.s. drone strike in nw pakistan
china stocks close mixed friday
china stocks open lower friday
india bans bulk texts after riots
tunisia lifts curfew after riots
un monitors shot at on way to syrian massacre site
yorkshire soldier killed in afghan bomb blast
soldier killed in afghanistan blast
radical islamists in mali enlist new militia
local militia bolsters islamist militants in mali
one dead in ohio school shooting
1 dead , 4 wounded in ohio school shooting
2 palestinians killed in israeli airstrikes
four palestinians killed in iaf strike
pakistan condemns u.s. drone strikes
pakistan convoy heads to protest us drone strikes
sarkozy to file complaint in gadhafi funding claim
sarkozy to sue after gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
the note 's must reads for wednesday july 4 , 2012
the note 's must-reads for wednesday , may 30 , 2012
gusmao consolidates power in east timor elections
supreme court possibilities if romney wins election
pena nieto wins mexico presidential vote : exit polls
poll : putin to win russia presidential vote
syria tells russia some troops have pulled out of homs
syria says troops have begun pullout – video
nigeria plane crash : no survivors
4 chinese among nigeria plane crash victims
explosion at venezuela refinery kills at least 39
venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
strong earthquake hits mexico
strong earthquake strikes near acapulco
russia , china veto un resolution on syria killings
russia , china in double veto of un syria resolution
pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
pakistani plane crashes with 130 people on board
erdogan and putin talked in raised voice
foreign militants killed in somalia in strike on car
chicago teachers strike : vacations for students , for good or ill
chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
panetta says afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
panetta : afghanistan tops nato conference topics
israel threatens action against gaza aid ship
israel attacks in gaza strip after rocket fire
bodies found at russian jet crash in indonesia
12 bodies found at russian jet crash in indonesia
syria urges refugees to return
syria 's tenuous truce takes hold
rupert murdoch : i was the victim of a cover up
rupert murdoch set for second day of grilling
barack obama 's bodyguards sent back to us after prostitution scandal
barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
china 's yuan rises to new high against usd wednesday
china 's yuan advances to 6.3103 against usd wednesday
tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against chinese rule
teenage tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in china
mumbai is 2nd costliest indian city to live in
tech capital bangalore costliest indian city to live in : survey
man , 19 , quizzed over teen murder
man quizzed over megan-leigh murder
israel kills hamas commander , bombs gaza targets
israel airstrikes kill hamas commander , 5 others
gusmao powers on in east timor
syria rebels attack lebanese post near border : army
turkish army stages tank exercises near syria border
five killed in china building collapse
at least 20 killed in syria saturday
syrian forces launch new attacks
syria forces launch aleppo attack
gazans fire 89 rockets ; cabinet approves reserve call-up
boris johnson re-elected london mayor
johnson re-elected london mayor
breivik drops far-right salute in court
breivik gets 21-year sentence
second teenager charged with murder
brother of eastenders actress gemma mccluskie is charged with her murder
french fear new serial killer after murders
jersey murder trial : killer ' hearing voices'
hollande defeats sarkozy in french presidency vote
polls open across france in presidential election
libyan government retakes tripoli airport
libyan militia takes control of tripoli airport
un envoy in turkey for talks on syria
nz to increase exports to china
islamist morsi wins egypt 's presidential election
al-shater to run in presidential election in egypt
donna summer , the queen of disco
donna summer , queen of disco , dies at 63
bangladesh muslims torch buddhist shrines , police say
muslims torch buddhist temples
u.s. drone kills five militants in pakistan
six police officers killed in attacks in dagestan
mali future interim president readies to take office
pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
9 killed , 168 injured in latest cairo clashes
10 killed , 12 injured in e. afghan airport suicide blast
romney wins maine republican caucuses
romney , in comeback , has narrow maine caucus win
court in bahrain rejects medics ' last rally appeal
bahrain rejects activists ' appeal
hurricane sandy powers toward eastern seaboard
hurricane sandy moves towards us
clinton calls for friends of syria to unite
plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
jk rowling launches her first adult novel
syria launches ground assault in aleppo
algerian government parties dominate elections
algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
security official killed in yemen
security personnel killed in pakistan raid
us stocks fall as greek talks lumber ; apple falls
us stocks slip on wall street as greek talks drag on
nato sticks to transition roadmap in afghanistan : rasmussen
nato helicopter makes hard landing in e. afghanistan
mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
mubarak 's sons face new charges of insider trading
no blocks to investment
india allows pakistan investment
blast kills 11 in northwestern pakistan
bomb kills 19 in northwest pakistan
5 aid workers freed in operation in afghanistan
suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in afghanistan
nato soldier killed in afghan blast
russian tv reports foiled attempt on putin
russia , ukraine foiled plot to kill putin , report says
obama team raises debate stakes
obama takes offensive against romney in debate
two kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
thousands gather for new russian anti-putin rally
thousands gather in moscow for rival rallies
google names new motorola mobility ceo
google appoints dennis woodside to run motorola mobility
another rocket hits eshkol ; no injuries
2 rockets hit eshkol ; none injured
thousands more syrian refugees flee to turkey overnight
8,000 syrian refugees flee to turkey overnight
strong quake jolts most parts of pakistan
strong quake hits eastern indonesia
lebanese gunmen clash over syria crisis
syrians hold solution to syria crisis
us drone strike kills four in north waziristan
u.s. drone strike kills 10 in northwest pakistan : officials
will putin 's election victory in russia be greeted with protests ?
eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
eurozone unemployment at record high in june
french socialist party wins parliament victory
french socialists win absolute parliament majority
salafi islamists , police clash in tunis - witnesses
second islamist hunger striker dies in a tunisian prison
strauss-kahn investigated in french prostitution ring
dominique strauss-kahn faces questions over french prostitution ring
romney wins florida republican primary
romney eyes us republican primary endgame
suspected drone strike kills 4 in pakistan
2 traffic accidents leave 47 dead in china
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in china
head of cia resigns over affair
hall of fame beckons for capriati
sony reports record annual loss
sony forecasts record annual loss of $ 6.4bn
12 killed in gaza in israeli airstrikes
ictu , ibec in move on airline strike
9 killed in attacks after deadly iraq day
19 killed in iraq attacks ahead of ramadan end
us closes embassy in syria ( ap )
closed roads in armenia
russians rally against putin 's rule
tens of thousands rally against putin 's rule ( ap )
china stocks open flat monday
chinese stocks open mixed wednesday
afghan parliament approves u.s.-afghan security pact
afghan parliament approves u.s. partnership
two german tourists , two pilots killed in kenya air crash
senator reid involved in las vegas car crash : cnn
israeli , palestinian negotiators quietly meet
israeli , palestinian negotiators meet in jordan
us astronaut neil armstrong dead at 82
us astronaut neil armstrong dies
mitt romney wins republican primary in indiana
south africa starts investigating mine violence
south africa hosts ' peace talks ' in mine standoff
3 dead , 27 injured in sw china accident
35 dead and 165 missing in india boat accident
santorum romping to minnesota victory
santorum wins kansas caucuses
man arrested over double murder
wa man arrested in police drug raid
florida counties extend early voting
fla . democrats want extended early voting hours
warship sets sail for falklands
british warship sets sail for falklands
newcastle 2-0 liverpool : match report , pictures & video highlights
qpr 1-2 west ham : match report , pictures & video highlights
palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
progress reported in palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
police : four killed in german hostage taking incident
palestinians : 12 killed in idf strike in northern strip
syrian journalists killed in capital
us marines killed in base attack
gop candidate romney to call to arm syrian rebels
us helping get arms to syria rebels
american airlines and pilots agree on a new contract
romney pledges to ' stand with israel ' on iran threat
greek pm to announce new election
greek pm calls for may 6 general election
government of canada supports montréal women leading change
government of canada supports women 's safety in regina
no problem if mulayam forms third front : congress
no problem if mulayam forms third front : digvijay
bradley triumphs at firestone as furyk fades
bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
plane crash in ghana kills at least 10
plane crash in ghana : how the international media reported it
six us troops killed in afghan bomb attack
6 nato troops killed in afghanistan
syrian forces kill 54 ahead of annan peace mission
romney , obama fight for edge on medicare
obama , romney compete for undecideds , stoke base
bbc director general resigns over ' shoddy journalism'
bbc director general resigns amid newsnight scandal
in islamist-led egypt , coptic church names new pope
egyptian christians choose new pope
chinese stocks close higher thursday
greece to vote on 2013 budget ; protesters gather
greece to vote on 2013 budget
clinton warns kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
anti-american protests over film expand to nearly 20 countries
anti-american fury sweeps middle east over film
journalists hail london olympics opening
israeli delegation marches in 2012 olympics opener
aust stocks open lower
tokyo stocks open lower
wikileaks begins publishing two million syria emails
wikileaks releasing trove of syria documents
palestinians : 2 gaza militants killed in israeli airstrike on coastal strip
officials : gaza man killed in israeli airstrike ( ap )
three killed in nigeria suicide bombers attack
60 killed in nigeria cattle market attack
factbox-security developments in iraq , february 1
factbox-security developments in pakistan , march 13
israel among top arms exporters in world : report
israel among top arms exporters and importers
egyptians to vote for new president
somali mps to elect new president
qaida leader calls for kidnap of westerners in egypt
al-qaida leader urges kidnapping of westerners
43 killed in bus crash
15 killed in crash in india
china trade returns to surplus in march
tense calm returns to south tel aviv
highlights of the vice presidential debate
five things to watch in the presidential debate
full episode : nightline 6 / 29 : katie holmes , tom cruise to divorce
custody , images at stake in cruise-holmes divorce
syrian regime denies role in houla massacre
syria blames rebels for houla massacre of over 100
nine killed in gun attack in pakistan
five million citizens get unofficial salary in ukraine
syria demands guarantees , rebels say peace plan doomed
syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
minn . terminal reopens after bag causes evacuation
sudan blocks youtube over anti-islam film
pakistan 's pm orders youtube halt over anti-islam film
polls close in senegal 's presidential election
romanian president declared victory
chinese president concludes state visit to denmark
russians rally support for orthodox church over pussy riot controversy
russian orthodox church rallies faithful after criticism
clinton lands in india to breathe life into ties
clinton warns against undermining grameen bank
putin declares victory in russian presidential vote
al renews condemnation on syria 's violence
u.s. closes embassy in damascus due to syria violence
eu slaps sanctions on assad family
eu sanctions assad 's wife ; mortars hit homs
air force instructor faces sentencing for rape
women testify at air force instructor 's sentencing
more than 30 striking miners killed
more than 30 striking miners killed in south africa
iron dome intercepts 17 rockets
iron dome intercepts two rockets fired at beersheba
china stocks end higher on pmi at midday
chinese stocks open higher thursday
scientists resurrect flowers from prehistoric seeds
nintendo trims red ink , lowers forecast for year
man convicted in vatican leaks case
butler to be tried in " vatileaks " case
romney , paul vie for maine caucus win
romney has narrow maine caucus win
sectarian clashes rock lebanese city of tripoli
sectarian clashes rock lebanese city , 3 killed
repsol blasts argentina over nationalization of ypf
repsol blasts argentina over oil nationalization
several dead , 550 injured in argentina train crash
49 feared dead in buenos aires train crash
iran may cut oil exports to more eu states
iran mps say ready to ban oil exports to some eu states
factory fires kill at least 260 in pakistan
at least six dead in pakistan gunfight
australian among four on plane missing in indonesia
iranian painter mansoureh hosseini dies
romney vows to restore ' promise of america'
romney promises to ' restore america'
santorum 's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
'kony 2012 ' director hospitalized
israeli president released from hospital
jaya prada all set to join bjp
jaya prada likely to join bjp , amar singh to decide for her
hezbollah 's nasrallah warns us over anti-islam film
hezbollah calls for more anti-islam film protests
nadal tops djokovic for 7th french open title
tennis : nadal defeats djokovic for monte carlo title
childcare costs rise by nearly 6 %
childcare ' costing £ 15,000 a year'
obama urges decisive action on europe debt crisis
obama urges europe to act quickly on crisis
beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
first significant gas found offshore kenya
raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in kenya
red cross worker killed in pakistan
kidnapped uk aid worker killed in pakistan
8 rockets fired from gaza into southern israel ; none hurt
ten rockets from gaza land in southern israel ; none hurt
u.s. soldier killed in shooting incident in s. afghanistan
five nato soldiers killed in afghanistan
polls close in egyptian presidential election
press releases : yemeni presidential election
police ' did not link ' savile claims
bbc faces questions for pulling savile case
eurozone unemployment hits record high
egypt presidential election may 23-24
us presidential election 2012
four french soldiers killed in afghan suicide blast
four foreign soldiers killed in afghan east
ap poll : majority in us have prejudice against blacks
ap poll : majority harbor prejudice against blacks
string of iraq blasts kills at least 32
strong italy quake kills at least six
ecuador president correa says no decision made on assange asylum
ecuador yet to decide on assange 's asylum
us offers us $ 10 mil. for pakistan militant
us offers $ 10 million for pakistani militant chief
6 nato troops killed in afghanistan ied attack
osama bin laden wives to be jailed
osama bin laden movie to be filmed in india
jetblue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane , not guilty
jetblue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
tsunami warning : no need for sa to panic
tsunami warning after aceh quake
jeremy hunt distances himself from adviser who ' overstepped the mark'
jeremy hunt clings on as spad quits over news corp emails
obama praises u.s.-latin america trade ties
obama secret service agents sent home
blitzbokke ousted by fiji
blitzbokke beaten by nz
obama and romney focus on swing-states
team anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
'grenade attack ' kills one and injures at least 11
sex attack on woman investigated
'scores of bodies ' found in syria
eight more bodies found on ship
shooter charged with murder of us black teen
thoughts on race relations under a black president
jonny bairstow and eoin morgan shine for england in mumbai
bairstow hits ton in india tour match
us drone kills six militants in pakistan : officials
us missiles kill 15 in pakistan : officials
nigeria : nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
nerves calmed -- for now : markets jump on relief over spanish bank bailout
focus shifts to greece after spain secures bank bailout
heavy fighting reported in syria 's aleppo
heavy fighting reported in damascus
france says greece must show credibility for eurozone
france 's hollande backs greece but urges credible reform
avengers sets box office record
the hunger games breaks us box office record
4 french soldiers reported killed in afghanistan
british soldier killed in afghanistan
spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
spanish dilemma gets more acute
nato soldier dies in afghanistan
two aust soldiers wounded in afghanistan
chinese stocks open lower wednesday
palestinian leadership condemn israeli fm call to oust abbas
palestinian leadership backs fatah-hamas doha deal
man finds car on ebay 42 years after it was stolen
texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
sylvester stallone 's son found dead in hollywood
sylvester stalloneâ € ™ s son , sage stallone , found dead in hol
nato : 4 aid workers rescued from afghan insurgents
russia jails pussy riot protest punks for two years
russian court to rule in pussy riot trial
the note 's must-reads for august 1 , 2012
nato us troop detained over shooting of afghan civilians
u.s. says saddened by shooting on afghan civilians
hollande wins french presidential election
east timor votes in presidential election
military : syria chemical stocks threaten israel
russia tells syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
fitch upgrades ford to investment grade
fitch restores ford credit to investment grade
syria peace plan conditions “ unacceptable , ” opposition says
syria peace dashed as deadline passes
clashes as greeks protest against more cutbacks
clashes erupt as greek vote nears
9 dead , 11 hurt , 4 missing in mont blanc avalanche
6 dead , several missing in mont blanc avalanche
china activist chen lands in us
chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
city room : empire state building shooting
attack on nato base in afghanistan kills 15
aid workers freed in afghanistan raid
yemen suicide blast , drone attack kill at least 30
spate of iraq attacks kill at least six
torres moving on after olympic bid fails
torres finishes 4th , misses out on sixth olympics
pakistan begins demolition of bin laden compound
pakistan demolishes osama bin laden hideout
sudan blames israel for khartoum arms fire
sudan accuses israel of airstrike on arms factory
house-senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
negotiators reach deal on congress payroll tax cut bill
tropical storm isaac drenches haiti , swipes cuba
tropical storm isaac threatens dam
foreign pro-palestinian activists seek to enter west bank
100 pro-palestinians seek to enter israel at allenby
world stocks rise on hopes for eu , us stimulus
stocks rise on hopes for a fed stimulus
world stocks fall before greek debt deal deadline
asia stocks fall ahead of greek debt deal deadline
isaac drenches haiti , heads toward cuba , florida
isaac nears haiti with homeless quake population
britain reaches out to syria opposition
who cares about the syrian people ?
microsoft 's surface a big bet on future : analysts
microsoft 's surface tablet promising , but questions remain
'whitey ' bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years
mobster " whitey " bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years
mauritanian president shot by army unit
mauritanian president shot at
u.s. drone strike kills 10 in northwest pakistan
us drone in pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
toys r us waives fee for layaway program
wal-mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
iran expands nuclear enrichment activities : iaea report
iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - iaea
at least 80 dead in northwest iran quakes
180 dead , 1,300 injured in northwest iran earthquakes
washington : more than 100 are charged in medicare fraud sweep
washington : court upholds voting rights act in alabama case
clinton ready to fight for obama
clinton a tough act for obama to follow
european markets rise on greek bailout hopes
european ministers are poised to approve greek rescue
gunman may have filmed school massacre
killer may have filmed france school shooting
hong kong stocks close down 0.28 %
hong kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
suicide bomber attacks algerian security base
suicide bomber targets nigerian church
thailand : iranians planned to attack israelis
malaysia to extradite iranian for attack on israelis
israeli military court rejects appeal of palestinian hunger striker
israel reaches deal with palestinian hunger strikers
'hunger games ' sets box office records
putin casts ballot as russians vote
putin to win russia 's presidential election
libyans begin handing in weapons
libyans transfer weapons to army
british archbishop of canterbury changes career to cambridge
archbishop of canterbury to step down amid rifts
indian maoist rebels offer talks to free italian hostages
india : maoist rebels in talks on freeing italians
five dead in pakistan suicide blast
at least 63 dead in pakistan factory blaze
penn state football players react to sanctions
penn state football slammed with ncaa sanctions
israel must release or try palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
israeli minister wants palestinian leader 's ouster
un report says both sides in syria abuse rights
nato leader plays down risk of turkey-syria clash
girl accused of burning koran goes into hiding
girl accused of burning koran bailed
france warns syria over chemical weapons use
u.n. concerned at possible syria chemical weapons
chicago teacher strike nears end with ' framework ' agreement in place
general strike ends : histadrut , treasury reach agreement
indonesian president to visit uk
indonesian president to visit australia
at least two nato killed in afghanistan helicopter crash : military
at least 18 killed in afghan bomb attacks : officials
president mills must quit - lecturer
president john evans atta-mills must resign now -npp germany
ryanair in new bid for aer lingus
ryanair chief hails report findings
nato soldier killed in afghanistan
not so super tuesday for mitt romney
romney leads santorum in gop super tuesday contests
putin sworn in as russian growth falters
arqule , daiichi stop lung cancer trial , shares tank
arqule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
teenager and father killed in crash
three killed in horror crash are named
officials : romney to get secret service protection
obama addresses secret service scandal
japan pm calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
syrian fighter pilot defects to jordan
syrian pm defects to jordan
syrian arab republic ( the ) : syrian arab republic : syrian refugees ( as of 28 june 2012 )
syrian arab republic ( the ) : more than 70 killed in syria ahead of annan return
suicide bomber kills 16 in afghanistan
suicide bomber kills 12 in nigeria church
airlines cancel ' flytilla ' activists ' tickets to ta
uk airline cancels ' flytilla ' tickets on israel objections
spain asks for bank rescue
spaniard on trial for cuban dissident ’ s death
the murky waters of the south china sea
peace lies over the south china sea
sri lanka seek one-day revival against pakistan
senior journalist killed in pakistan
spacex docks with international space station : up next , public travel ?
spacex dragon docks with international space station
syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
syrian opposition council to establish envoy in france
sensex down 193 points on budget blues
romney won 't volunteer budget differences
facebook boosts size of ipo by 25pc to raise $ 15bn
facebook boosts size of ipo by 25 percent
yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers : officials
afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven : officials
presidential vote polarises egyptians
gop presidential hopefuls clash in southern races
three more us soldiers killed in afghanistan
police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
rodney king death ruled accidental
2 british soldiers killed in afghan insider attack
british red cross doctor kidnapped in pakistan found beheaded
afghan , us govts sign deal on controversial night raid
afghans , us sign deal on night raids
china mine accident kills 10
china truck accident kills 20
australia can eclipse england in windies
protests at pussy riot verdict
pussy riot verdict greeted with defiance
secret service sees its ' biggest scandal ' over prostitutes
secret service sex scandal ' regret'
kuwait : activists storm syrian embassy ; two injured
activists storm syria embassy in kuwait
details of aung san suu kyi 's visit to ireland
rapturous welcome for aung san suu kyi 's historic trip
key says marae visit a lost opportunity
key wants waitangi marae visit to stay
norway marks anniversary of massacre
norway marks anniversary of breivik 's massacre
woman killed by falling debris
when an ally declines
aust shares up 1 % after interest rate cut
rba delivers another rate cut
germany warns greece : no more money without reforms
euro zone to greece : no rescue without reforms
obama to meet families of shooting victims
obama to meet batman gun victims
obama widens lead over romney despite jobs data : reuters / ipsos poll
romney takes lead over obama with convention " bounce " : reuters / ipsos poll
two killed , 19 injured in toronto shooting
two dead , 7 injured in finland shooting
what the pope 's butler saw – aide arrested over vatican leaks
pope ’ s butler arrested in scandal over vatican leaks
anti-putin protesters form human chain in moscow
anti-putin protesters form human chain
washington 's acts of congress sells for $ 9.8m
george washington 's copy of us constitution sells for $ 9.8m
canadian muslims issue fatwa against ' honor killing'
us , canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
u.n. to take up syria resolution
un assembly to vote on syria resolution
libya pm names new cabinet after protests over original
libyan assembly rejects new cabinet , dismisses pm
4 foreign soldiers killed in afghan east
syrian forces storm central town
syrian forces bombard homs , russia warns of civil war
pak : 20 dead in anti-islam film protests
25 injured in anti-islam film protest in islamabad , pakistan
cause of whitney houston 's death could take weeks
investigators seek answers to whitney houston 's death
n korea warns of retaliation for south korea drill
north warns of retaliation for seoul 's naval drill plan
a tale of two passes : how the new york giants won the super bowl
lesser of two evils triumphs in super bowl
one dead in new israeli strike on gaza
two killed in new israeli strike on gaza : medics
germany likely to press russia on syrian crisis
what is russia thinking on syria ? a brief guide
four seriously injured in m23 motorway crash
four injured in motorway crash
un aid chief amos enters baba amr with red crescent
syria 's besieged baba amr is deserted , red cross says
dozens killed in nigerian riots
dozens killed in kenyan clashes
profiles of egypt 's main presidential candidates
second day of egyptian presidential election
british gold rush silences gripes over cost
komen won 't cut planned parenthood funding
susan g komen in u-turn over planned parenthood funding cut
forex & amp ; gold 25 august 2012
forex & gold 19 july 2012
iran says un nuclear talks will continue
iran says nuclear talks with un ' constructive'
bp sells some gulf of mexico assets for $ 5.55 bil
bp sells gulf of mexico assets to plains for $ 5.55 bn
300 potential jimmy savile victims : police
uk : 300 potential savile abuse victims emerge
us drone strike kills 5 militants in pakistan
u.s. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in yemen
syrian govt wont stop attacks
syrian opposition reports ' massacre'
myanmar : opposition claims suu kyi win
voters in myanmar hopeful as suu kyi 's party claims win
obama 's poll rating drops in boost for republican rivals
obama 's big hispanic win worries republicans
new syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
syria opposition unites as israel fires warning shots
south africa mine clash kills at least 30
south africa train crash kills 26
syrian forces bombard homs , lavrov arrives for talks
deadline passes with no new iran sanctions
eu moves closer to new iran sanctions
arrested russian killer denies ties to pussy riot
dozens arrested in russian tv tower protest
norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
us afghanistan general linked to petraeus scandal
senior us general linked to petraeus scandal
chinese stocks fall after rrr cut - may 14
chinese stocks gain at midday monday
nkorea makes " significant " nuclear reactor progress - iaea
n. korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
maldives president quits after police mutiny , protests
maldives president quits after weeks of protest
nato strike ' kills civilians ' in afghanistan
al-qaida says it captures 70 yemeni soldiers in abyan 's battle
al qaeda clashes , blasts kill 35 soldiers in yemen
navy jet crashes into us apartments , pilots eject
u.s. navy jet crashes into virginia apartment buildings
china stocks open higher wednesday
us stocks open higher despite gdp miss
idf to deploy iron dome in central israel
major snowstorm barrels down on central plains
4 killed in us drone strike in pakistan
u.s. drone strike kills 3 in pakistan
us teen held in chicago ' jihad ' car bomb plot
chicago teen arrested in chicago car bomb plot
pc david rathband : twin brother 's fears for his ' bestest mate'
david miliband : my brother and a return to old labour
20-member parliamentary , trade team leaves for india
commerce secretary to take leave of absence
wall street opens lower
wall street ends mixed
europe shares bounce as more china stimulus seen
oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
man charged after mp hurt in attack
man charged with murder in flat
nokia apologises for ' faked ' ad
us waives riders for pak aid
drone strike kills four suspected militants in pakistan
assad says mercenaries are behind syria unrest
assad accuses us of fueling syrian uprising
japan pm dissolves lower house for election
iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
5 die in strikes on gaza , militants barrage israel
navy jet crashes into virginia buildings , injuring six
navy jet crashes into virginia apartments , 9 hurt
one nato soldier killed in s. afghanistan
british soldier killed in southern afghanistan
turkey scrambles jets near border
turkey scrambles jets to syrian border
two die in syria violence after un monitors land
two year doping ban for contador
civilian , defector killed in syria , says ngo
syria gunmen kill three syrian officers : ngo
taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
china rocked by twin earthquakes
bank of england 's paul tucker tainted by libor mess
bank of england deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
syrian forces , rebels clash near turkey
bombings , clashes continue in syria
bombings , clashes as syria opposition seeks arms
burma 's reforms bring easing of u.s. sanctions
burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
usain bolt wins 200m – steven howard reaction
facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth : reaction
dozens dead in taliban resort attack
'india police name 3 iranians in embassy attack'
heavy fighting rocks eastern syria ahead of poll
heavy fighting rocks eastern syria - residents
china yuan weakens to 6.3282 against usd monday
china yuan retreats to 6.2697 against usd thursday
7 dead in christian school shooting
5 wounded in ohio school shooting
indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in bali
armenians vote in parliamentary elections
armenia 's parliamentary vote a test for president
sachin tendulkar is sworn in as indian senator
mp sachin tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
romney wins big in puerto rico primary
romney wins illinois primary
us soldier accused of afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
us soldier accused of killing afghan civilians identified
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern italy : usgs
5.9-magnitude quake hits sunda strait , indonesia : usgs
motor racing : button fastest in year 's first f1 practice
button boasts best time after first practice
f1 protests in bahrain
a day of rage in bahrain
new york stock exchange to reopen wednesday
dealbook : stock exchanges prepare to open
homs mortar fire kills 105
homs offensive kills 200
hundreds honor student killed in ohio shooting
funeral set for ohio shooting victim
bombs in southern thailand kill 5 , wound 50
bombs in thailand kill 14 , wound 340
us lawmakers take next step on new iran sanctions
somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
barack obama admits us has ' more nuclear weapons than we need'
french gunman wants to ' die with weapons in hands'
2 rockets hit in the eshkol region ; no injuries
10 rockets in 20 minutes in eshkol regional council
'betrayed ' disabled workers protest against remploy closures
may day marked by protests against austerity cuts
nine pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
trade : pakistan , india agree to take it a step ahead
74 dead in egypt soccer violence
at least 73 die in egyptian soccer pitch invasion
unrest in tense nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
southwest china quakes kill at least 50
hurricane sandy makes landfall in southeastern jamaica : nhc
hurricane sandy reaches jamaica
remarks with prime minister elkeib after their meeting
remarks with foreign minister koichiro gemba
barrick in talks with china firm over african assets
obama aide holds talks in china after syria veto
mall attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
in kenya , attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
weak earnings drag stocks lower
weak earnings drag stocks lower on wall street
6.8 quake strikes off solomon islands
magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off solomon islands : usgs
weiner stays in nyc mayor 's race amid new sexting scandal
weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
death toll rises in russia plane crash
death toll rises to 39 in italy coach crash
indian media : commonwealth summit
indian pm snubs commonwealth summit
yvette cooper backs gay marriage bill
white house backs gay marriage
five killed in belgian coach crash
teenagers among 5 dead in belgian bus crash
gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in nigeria
seven foreign workers kidnapped in nigeria
iranians vote in presidential election
keita wins mali presidential election
100 killed in new darfur tribal clashes
'9 dead ' in new darfur tribal clash
protest against us drone strikes in pak postponed
6 killed in u.s. drone strike in nw pakistan
12 killed in bus accident in pakistan
10 killed in road accident in nw pakistan
8 arrested after deadly bangladesh building collapse
four arrested as bangladesh building toll rises to 352
suicide bomber kills 3 at us base in afghanistan
suicide bombers attack us base in afghanistan
afghans flock to colleges , even as taliban loom
afghan district governor defects to taliban
apple revenue misses again , iphone disappoints
u.s. trade agency rules for samsung , bans iphone 4 imports
gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern pakistan
generations divided over gay marriage
g20 summit ends divided over syria
23 killed in iraq car bombings
10 killed in iraq bomb attack
taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in afghanistan
series of attacks kill 10 police in afghanistan
egypt minister survives assassination attempt
syrian prime minister ' survives assassination attempt'
boeing airliner crashes in russia , 50 killed
boeing airliner crashes in russian city of kazan , 50 killed
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540 : army
bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
central african republic president overthrown by rebels
central african republic president , pm stepping down
california wildfire : 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage ( + video )
california wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
george w. bush warns against bitter immigration debate
george w bush weighs into immigration debate
mandela hospitalized , responding to treatment
mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
russia condemns north korean nuclear test
south korea confirms that north korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
female suicide bomber kills 16 at russian station
18 trapped in russian coal mine blast
ten killed in russia coal mine blast
police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in tunis
egypt 's main opposition rejects president 's call for dialogue
egypt opposition mulls response to morsi dialogue call
wrestling to feature in 2020 tokyo olympics
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits new zealand
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes iran
dozens feared trapped in india building collapse
rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in india building collapse
daily press briefing : south sudan
daily press briefing : syria
islamists attack north mali city after suicide bombings
islamists attack malian troops in gao
britain set to deport of abu qatada
britain loses bid to deport radical cleric abu qatada
french parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
russian parliament to consider ban on u.s. adoptions
shots , explosions heard as thais continue protest in bangkok
gunshots , explosions rock thai protest day ahead of polls
israeli military focuses on northern border
egypt 's military takes control over muslim brotherhood , supporters
north korea blocks kaesong access
north korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
manning sentenced to 35 years in prison
ariel castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
us senate approves fiscal cliff deal
it 's official : deal reached on " fiscal cliff "
iran 's rouhani warns of talibanisation in syria
russia , china concerned about israeli airstrikes in syria
syria denies reports of deadly damascus nerve gas attack
us allies get help to repel iranian computer attacks
china stocks close higher after economic meeting
china stocks close higher on wednesday
russia unveils $ 30 billion oil link to pacific
russia unveils $ 25bn oil link to pacific
police kill gunman , find 3 more dead in colo. home
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in us home
dolce and gabbana convicted of tax evasion
dolce and gabbana fined in italian tax case
7.2-magnitude quake hits pakistan : cenc
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits sw pakistan
fight for mali town reflects islamist tactics
eu to train mali army to fight northern islamist militants
two santa trackers competing this christmas
spain turning back the clock on siestas
ships train for syrian chemical weapons transport
syria loads chemical weapons into bombs , awaiting assad order
2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in iraq
15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in iraq
can the u.s. trust syria to hand over chemical weapons ?
us says syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
mexican singer jenni rivera believed killed in plane crash
jenni rivera , mexican music star , dies in plane crash
bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
british pm pushes sri lanka on war crimes
death toll climbs to 15 in indonesia boat sinking
indonesia : death toll rises to 11 in indonesia boat capsize
egyptian court bans muslim brotherhood
egypt court bans muslim brotherhood ' activities'
police attacked in belfast flag protests
politicians in flag violence talks
s.korea proposes ' final ' n.korea talks over kaesong
north korea proposes high-level talks with us
india gang-rape victim " struggling against the odds "
indian rape victim dies in singapore hospital
gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 pakistani
statement by the spokesperson of high representative catherine ashton on the latest spate of attacks in iraq
statement by the spokesperson of the eu high representative , catherine ashton , on the resumption of executions in iraq
egypt increases security before pro-morsi protests
egypt bracing for massive protests
yacimovich urges cabinet to approve palestinian prisoners release
israel agrees to free 104 palestinian prisoners
palestinians build another west bank tent protest
palestinians ' first ever un vote symbolic yet historic
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans
britain summons israeli envoy over settlements
man arrested after police officer shot in leeds
navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
ukrainian prime minister resigns amid protests
turkish prime minister signals return to hardline on protesters
obama to refocus on economy in state of the union
factbox : what to look for in obama 's state of the union speech
google launches internet-beaming balloons
google ' are playing international tax game'
russia gives initial ok to american adoption ban
russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
five convicted in kosovo organ trafficking case
kosovo : 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
thousands protest gay marriage in france
wave of bombings kills 15 in iraq
car bombs kill at least 49 in iraq
israel strikes syria as tensions rise on weapons
air strikes wound civilians in syria 's deraa
gunmen kill nine people in northwest pakistan
militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest pakistan
the san francisco plane crash at a glance
two dead , 181 hurt in san francisco air crash
workers protest after bangladesh building collapse
x 'mas cruise passengers hit by norovirus
missing cruise passenger is a nsw ambo
murder claim over diana 's death new information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of princess diana and dodi fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered
diana and fayed death info received new the deaths of princess diana and dodi al fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information .
snowden asks to stay in russia
snowden releases first russia video
chinese shares close lower wednesday
chinese shares close higher friday
stomach bug to cause ailing nadal to miss australian open
rafa nadal to miss australian open
egyptian court considers mubarak ’ s release
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern iraq
car bombing kills 14 in northern iraq
tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
tokyo stocks close down 1.53 %
china stock index futures close higher -- dec. 4
china stock index futures close lower -- jan. 24
pictures of the day : 7 august 2013
pictures of the day : 11 april 2013
palestinians ' hit ' by israeli fire in gaza
two palestinians killed in an israeli air strike on gaza
bbc veteran hall admits child sex abuse
stuart hall admits sex assaults on children
7 killed , 3 injured in south china road accident
20 killed , 44 injured in philippine road accident
ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
stansted : ryanair reports 13 % rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
stocks to watch at close on thursday
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits taiwan
books to help kids talk about boston marathon news
tech sector heats up : google and ibm post strong earnings
google shares soar past $ 1,000 on strong earnings
profiles of kenya 's presidential candidates
italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
gov 't committee approves release of 26 palestinian prisoners
obama meets with mandela family
obama meets zuma and pays tribute to mandela
u.s. senate sets off gun control debate
u.s. senate set to vote on gun control bill
car bombing kills 53 in damascus
car bombings kill 13 civilians in iraqi capital
'friends of syria ' in doha talks on arming rebels
syria talks agree military aid to rebels
syria condemns israeli air strikes .
series of deadly attacks strikes iraq
abvp protesters clash with police at jantar mantar , throw stones
protesters clash with police at jantar mantar , 5 people detained
turkish pm urges to end protests in istanbul
turkish police fire teargas at protesters in istanbul
two men charged with terrorism offences
saudi-born nigerian charged with terrorism in new york
eu receives nobel peace prize
eu receives 2012 nobel peace prize
start of san fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by basque flag
san fermin bull-running festival starts
up to 21 , mostly foreigners , killed in kabul suicide attack
briton among dead in kabul suicide attack
former lapd officer sought in irvine slayings
former cia officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
pakistan court demands ' blasphemy ' rampage answers
pakistan-un report reveals alarming levels of drug use
intel 's mcafee buys cloud-based , networked firewall specialist stonesoft for $ 389m in cash
mcafee to acquire firewall stonesoft for $ 389 million
4.1 magnitude quake strikes u.s
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes philippines
bangladesh opposition leader sentenced to death for war crimes
bangladesh : fugitive sentenced to death by war crimes tribunal
musharraf arrested in lal masjid case
musharraf arrested in pakistan
35 militants killed in afghan raids : official
12 militants killed in afghan raids : ministry
thai protesters obstruct vote ; 1 dead in violence
thai protesters block polling stations in bangkok
venezuela 's hugo chavez dies of cancer
hugo chavez : venezuelan officials for unity
north korea 's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
nato says north korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
indian stocks open flat
indian stocks open lower
israelis , palestinians resume talks in us
israelis , palestinians begin talks
nelson mandela memorial service
nelson mandela dies : live coverage
nm county prepares for same-sex marriages hearing
some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
south korea says north fired missiles
britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches france
us warns syria on chemical weapons
u.s. concerns grow about syria 's chemical weapons
37 killed in bus crash in italy
china yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against usd
chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against usd
u.s. recognizes syrian opposition
russia invites syrian opposition for talks
car bomb kills one and wounds five in benghazi
car bomb hits libyan foreign ministry in benghazi
roadside bombs kill 5 in afghanistan
roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in afghanistan
sri lanka 's tamils vote for greater autonomy
syria talks for cameron and putin
french-led troops close in on timbuktu
french-led troops control access to timbuktu
nato airstrike kills two afghan kids
nato solider dies in afghanistan
delhi gang rape suspect ' beaten , poisoned'
delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
france pledges military aid in mali
most french support military operation in mali
reid cites ' tremendous progress ' in debt ceiling talks
senate leaders appear close to us debt ceiling deal
6.2 magnitude quake jolts sarangani
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts sw china
one dead , 11 hurt in la car chaos
6 dead , 33 hurt in cotabato blast
obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal : aide
japan urges u.s. to quickly handle budget deadlock
suicide bomber kills 14 at afghan province council
suicide bomber kills 11 in afghanistan
committee nears final big immigration decisions
senate judiciary committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
us troops killed in afghan insider attack
nato troops killed in afghan ' insider attack'
mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in suffolk
five dead , 40 missing in canada train disaster
40 still missing in canadian train wreck
tunisian opposition politician shot dead
tunisia opposition leader slain ; protests erupt
stocks soar on wall st lead
stocks slump on wall street
george zimmerman found not guilty of trayvon martin murder
protests and appeals for calm after zimmerman acquitted of trayvon martin murder
whistleblower edward snowden flies to moscow
nsa whistleblower edward snowden leaves hong kong on flight to moscow
17 killed , 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern iraq
2 killed , 6 wounded in clashes in northern lebanon
insiders reveal 2012 election secrets
all eyes on capriles as venezuela election set
royal sorrow over nurse 's death
radio prankster in tears over nurse ’ s death
brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
south africans mark ailing mandela 's 95th birthday
south africa 's former pm nelson mandela back in hospital
obama declares health care law is working
obama pledges to make new health care law work
heavy rain raises threat of christmas day flooding
fresh rain brings more flooding
thousands protest gay marriage
thousands protest gay marriage in paris
taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
zambia arrests ex-leader banda over oil deal
iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress
iran nuclear talks start in geneva
obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
obama encourages boy scouts to end ban on gays
israel vows to deny hezbollah after air strike
car bomb kills four in hezbollah beirut bastion : minister
arab league welcomes us-russian deal on syria
more french soldiers to central african republic
gun battles in central african capital create fresh panic
un resolution orders syria chemical arms destroyed
germany ready to help syria chemical mission
libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
libya closes borders , declares martial law in south
6.0-magnitude quake hits greece -- usgs
5.0-magnitude quake jolts japan
search after man swept into sea
lara plans visit to nepal
militants stage pakistan jailbreak
taliban prison break : 250 militants escape after attack on pakistan jail
meteorite hits central russia , more than 500 people hurt
meteorite hits central russia , 400 hurt
nato protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
nato protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
'credibility on the line over syria'
obama : congress , world credibility on line
taliban on agenda for us in pakistan
at least 33 dead as big quake hits pakistan
china 's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against usd thursday
china yuan weakens to 6.1818 against usd tuesday
obama holds talks over syria action
cameron loses parliamentary vote on syria military action
zen report : ain 't easy being high maintenance
russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
venezuela assembly meets amid chavez health crisis
assembly meets amid chavez crisis
syria opposition threatens to quit talks
syria opposition agrees to talks
suicide bomber kills policeman in pakistan
suicide bombers kill 3 soldiers in pakistan
anti-government protesters storm the streets of kyiv
ukraine protesters topple lenin statue
chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
kabul bank heads sentenced for corruption
us drone strike kills three in northwest pakistan
us drone strike kills seven in north waziristan
manning sentenced to 35 years for leaking government secrets
briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
uk police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
china police seek eight suspects over crash
suicide bomber kills 13 in russia 's south
suicide bomber kills 16 in russia ’ s volgograd
41 killed , 22 wounded in violent attacks in iraq
kerry to visit jordan , israel-palestinian peace on agenda
kerry postpones visit to israel in one week
nelson mandela 's real hero was not gandhi , but nehru
nelson mandela 's health ' unstable'
facing bailout tax , cypriots try to get cash out of banks
bailout terms prompt run on cyprus banks
obama signs up for obamacare
americans scramble to sign up for obamacare by deadline
hushen 300 index closes higher -- oct. 14
hushen 300 index closes lower -- march 12
us state department faulted over benghazi
state dept security chief resigns after benghazi
soccer-france to host australia for first time in october
nra official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
honduran ambassador to colombia sacked after wild party
honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
syria must destroy chemical weapons
libya ‘ destroys last chemical weapons ’
moderate tremor in the central mediterranean
iran : moderate candidate wins presidential vote
three afghans killed in suicide attack
three afghans dead in new blast at us base in east afghanistan
suicide bombs hit egypt military in sinai , kill 6
suicide bombs hit egypt military in sinai , kill 4
asian markets gain on upbeat us economic data
asian markets lifted by positive us , china data
suicide bomber kills 9 at pakistan political rally
suicide bomber kills guard at us embassy in turkey
four morsi supporters killed in egypt clashes
dozens injured as morsi supporters clash with security forces
students take a ride on airwaves
5.5-magnitude quake hits off taiwan
pistorius officer dropped from case
pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
pakistani taliban chief hakimullah mehsud killed in drone strike
pakistan taliban vows revenge , to repay hakimullah 's killing in bloodshed
gunmen kill one soldier , injure two others in pakistan
gunmen kill 6 polio workers in pakistan
police confirm how suspect was captured
raid on boston marathon bombing suspect captured on film
destruction of syria 's chemical weapons begins
destruction of syria 's chemical weapons could prove difficult
flooding in canada forces evacuation of another city
california wildfire forces evacuation of homes , university
obama coming ' to listen ' to israel , palestinians
kerry welcomes arab plan for israeli-palestinian talks
death toll in nigeria police attack rises to 30
death toll in kenya bus attack rises to six
syria ' to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
russia , syria work on ' concrete ' chemical weapons plan
australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
australian pm insists no argument with indonesia
italian prime minister mario monti resigns
'palestinian prime minister fayyad resigns'
south africa admits mistake over ' schizophrenic ' mandela signer
south africa admits possible ' mistake ' over deaf signer at mandela memorial
iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
iran vows to preserve " peaceful " nuclear program
crowds gather in bethlehem for christmas
oh , little town of bethlehem — for real
seven peacekeepers killed in sudan 's darfur
peacekeeper killed in abyei clash
nato : patriot missile battery operational on syrian border
obama : patriot missile batteries , troops to stay in jordan near syrian border
guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
nato : 3 troops killed in afghanistan attack
israeli soldier hits palestinian child in hebron
israeli soldiers kill palestinian woman in west bank
un voices alarm over israeli strikes on syria
israeli official confirms second air strike at syria
egypt army launches new air raids on sinai militants
egypt launches new assault against sinai militants
french forces attack al-qaeda 's mali allies
a battle to retake north mali : hundreds of french troops drive back al-qaida-linked rebels
egyptian police fire tear gas at brotherhood protesters
india : tear gas fired at gang rape protesters
syria , opposition agree ' in principle ' to attend peace conference
dozens injured as boeing 777 jet crash lands at san francisco airport
asiana air boeing 777 crash lands at san francisco airport
us senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
fiscal cliff : house delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
man with knife arrested at entrance to buckingham palace
man charged after buckingham palace arrest
5 people buried in colorado avalanche
'5 snowboarders killed in colorado avalanche'
ban ki-moon to review syria chemical arms accord
ban to review syria chemical arms accord
iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
malaysia 's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
malaysia 's ruling coalition wins majority
hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
egypt 's brotherhood stands ground after killings
egypt : muslim brotherhood stands behind morsi
nato troops kill two afghan children
nato strike kills 11 afghan children
iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
iranian minister blames west for failed nuke talks
floods kill two , forces 75,000 from calgary homes
flooding forces 75,000 from canada homes
4 nato troops killed in afghanistan
eight nato troops killed in afghanistan
typhoon fitow makes landfall in east china
typhoon fitow slams into southeastern china
mandela to spend christmas in hospital
mandela movie to open this month in south africa
exit polls suggest putin ally wins moscow vote
exit polls shows putin ally wins moscow vote , navalny cries foul
at least 45 killed in spain train crash
at least 13 killed in triple car bombings in iraq 's diyala
chris froome rides to tour de france endgame
chris brown concerts cancelled new
apple app directs drivers to alaska airport runway
apple app sends drivers to airport
suspected us drone kills 3 militants in pakistan
u.s. drone kills 4 militants in pakistan
francis begins papacy with prayer
pope francis slips out of vatican for prayers
us senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
us senate has rare sunday session days amid fiscal impasse
egypt 's brotherhood as beleaguered as its leader
egypt 's muslim brotherhood set for mass march
china 's new stealth frigate commissioned
belarus , latvia to set up border commission
iraq violence kills 11
iraq violence kills seven
protests continue in brazil
britons released after kidnapping in egypt 's sinai -sources
bedouin release two britons seized in egypt 's sinai
syria welcomes iran 's nuclear deal
israel faces european backlash over settlement plan
israel called to account over latest settlement plans by european countries
obama jokes about himself at reporters ' dinner
obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
what is the nuclear option ?
photos show n. korea nuclear readiness
forex & amp ; gold 6 march 2013
forex & gold 12 march 2013
islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in niger
car bombs kill 20 in turkish town near syrian border
u.s. has determined syria used chemical weapons
un votes to eliminate syria 's chemical weapons
pakistani taliban names new leader after drone strike
pakistani taleban chief killed in us drone strike
twin bombings in pakistan kill at least 40
now , militants battle pakistani police
muslim brotherhood supporter dies in cairo clash
muslim brotherhood supporters die in egypt clashes
facebook earnings jump 63 % as mobile ads accelerate
facebook profits jump as user base expands
syria envoy calls for national unity government
syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
thirty-seven dead in italy tour bus plunge
thirty dead in italian bus plunge
topless women protest against berlusconi as he votes in election
bulgaria president backs protesters , opposes snap elections
indonesia : schoolchildren among 14 killed by indonesia volcano eruption
indonesia : six dead in indonesian volcanic eruption
deal reached on new italian government
italy to swear in new coalition government
obama mourns death of icon nelson mandela
south africans mourn , celebrate mandela
goa first step in modis march to delhi
for first time in history , technion to teach engineering in russia
singapore stocks close 0.4 % higher
indian stocks open higher
egypt announces arrest of 1,004 muslim brotherhood supporters
egypt orders arrest of brotherhood chief badie
what the papers say , mar. 12 , 2013
what the papers say , june 25 , 2013
israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
piers morgan questioned by police
piers morgan interviewed by police in hacking case
'israeli ' arrested in yemen mossad spy
israeli forces detain 2 in hebron arrest raid
pakistani girls learn a hard lesson
pakistani girl shot by taliban appears on video
egypt 's interim president appoints 2 advisors
egypt 's interim president swears in new cabinet
china launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
china court sentences bo xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
uk confirms fears over syria 's chemical weapons
end ' near ' for syria 's chemical weapons
egypt swears in new interim leader
car bombing kills 17 in pakistan
suicide bomber kills 10 in pakistan
senior pakistani taliban commander captured in afghanistan
pakistan shi 'ites demand protection from militants
stocks close 0.39 % higher
singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
us releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
men in china detained after taking girls to hotel
russia ' alone ' in blaming syrian rebels for chemical attack : us
russia asks un to consider its inquiry of syria chemical arms use
death toll from west chinas violence rises to 35
urgent : death toll from ne china fire rises to 112
houston texans head coach gary kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
texans coach gary kubiak in stable condition after collapse
south korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into north
north korea shuts last remaining hotline to south
up to 50 dead in spanish train crash
over 70 dead in spanish high-speed train crash
french train derails south of paris
french train passengers tell of crash ordeal
obama meets mandela family as icon remains in hospital
obamas to meet mandela family wont visit hospital
weak earnings drag us stocks lower in early trade
nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
nigerian mp charged with accepting $ 3m bribe
rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
indian stocks close lower
us readies possible solo action against syria
us makes case for action against syria
brief clashes with police in belfast
mourners clash with police in tunisia
china quake : death toll rises
china flu death toll rises to six
owner arrested as bangladesh building toll reaches 372
ri condemns use of chemical weapons in syria
questions arise over chemical weapons claims in syria
indian troops kill pakistani soldier along kashmir line of control
indian troops raid pakistani military post
pope benedict xvi says goodbye to cardinals
pope benedict xvi departs vatican for last time
china ’ s new carrier extends military modernization drive
chinese vice premier meets australian governor-general
brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
brazil leader promises reform vote
four dead in indonesia train accident
five dead as indonesia train collides with fuel truck
israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
israel unveils plans for new settler homes
us set for obama inauguration
us house backs new sanctions before iran inauguration
suspected saudi militant dies in lebanese custody
suspected us drone kills 6 militants in yemen
7 killed in attacks in iraq
27 killed in attacks across iraq
india ink : image of the day : january 27
india ink : image of the day : march 20
china 's 1st pilot free trade zone opens
shanghai free trade zone begins operation
12 killed , 25 injured in bomb blast in nw pakistan
6 killed , 12 injured in blast in nw pakista
select images from bangladesh building collapse
at least 200 killed in bangladesh building collapse
egypt protesters ' to be dispersed'
abduction teacher to be sentenced
gas cylinder blast on pakistan school bus kills 17
deadly gas cylinder blast hits pakistan school bus
north korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with cuba
n korean ship carrying cuba missiles seized
angela merkel wins third term in german elections
merkel wins big in germany election
south korean workers start leaving joint factory zone
south korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
senate to vote on moving ahead on hagel nod
benedict comes home to new house and new pope
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at russian train station
suicide bomber kills 14 at russian train station
cambodian opposition leader sam rainsy returns to stir up election
cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
west hails syria opposition vote to join peace talks
syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
no deal on fiscal cliff as obama goes on holiday
john boehner : from humble origin , fiscal cliff may be his undoing
syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
sinai car bomb kills at least 10 egyptian soldiers
kerry : $ 4b palestinian economic plan could work
kerry : no deal yet in nuclear talks with iran
bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
dozens dead in central african republic fighting
98 dead in central african republic after clashes
libya threatens army action against oil protesters
bomb threat forces evacuation at princeton
2 turkish unions call for strike on monday in protest over police violence
turkey unrest : unions call for strike over police crackdown
[ ticker ] fitch upgrades greek credit rating
moody 's upgrades greek credit rating
gunmen ambush police boat in nigeria oil region
sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
russians leaving syria cross into lebanon
russia delivers humanitarian aid to syrian refugees in lebanon
two u.s. soldiers killed in " insider " attack in afghanistan
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in nw pakistan
pope francis condemns global indifference to suffering
pope francis commemorates dead migrants at lampedusa
blast kills 10 young girls in eastern afghanistan
blast kills nine in southern afghanistan : officials
kenyan police arrest key al-shabaab recruiter , financier
kenya : pair arrested by anti-terror police
obama to announce gun control plans wednesday
obama to set out gun control plans
bombs kill two people , wound dozens at boston marathon
only two bombs found in boston marathon attack
syria ’ s chemical weapons could end up at sea
us to destroy syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
president for early conclusion of eco partnership with sri lanka
pakistan pm for deeper economic ties with sri lanka
three freed in centre abuse probe
three storey building collapses in ebute meta
six australians killed in laos plane crash
dozens killed in laos plane crash
un confirms sarin used in syria attack
'war crime ' : u.n. finds sarin used in syria chemical weapons attack
7 killed in monster truck crash
6 killed in mexico ‘ monster truck ’ crash
merkel vies 3rd term in office in germany elections
ex-virginia governor bob mcdonnell charged with corruption
virginia 's ex-gov . bob mcdonnell , wife charged with corruption
sprinters tyson gay and asafa powell test positive for banned substance
us sprinter tyson gay tests positive for banned substance
6.3-magnitude quake hits honshu , japan : cenc
magnitude-6.0 quake jolts santa cruz islands : cenc
pakistan to release most senior afghan taliban prisoner
pakistan to release senior taliban commander on saturday
american investigators waiting to question arrested boston bomber
police converge on street in search for boston bomb suspect
10 dead , five injured in sw china road accident
1 dead , 39 injured in e china road accident
tornadoes rip through midwest , killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods
tornadoes , damaging storms hit u.s. midwest , killing 5
china gives us regulators access to audit records
china opposes us arms sales to taiwan
singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
dzhokhar tsarnaev pleads not guilty to boston bombing charges
dzhokhar tsarnaev charged in boston marathon bombing
picture of the day
son of chinese army singers gets 10 years ' jail for gang rape
p.g. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
police seek gunmen in new orleans mother 's day parade shooting
egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on syria
pope thanks public for joining his syria vigil
afghan legislators approve new election law
afghan president approves new electon law
egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
egypt 's morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
south africans mourn as mandela buried
south africa holds state funeral for mandela
witnesses hear ' loud booms ' at boston marathon
cryptic crossword - saturday 27th april
quiz crossword - saturday 27th april
costa concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter
costa concordia survivors detail experience one year later
angelina jolie 's aunt dies of breast cancer
angelina jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
10 things to know for wednesday
10 things to know for today
venezuelan president hugo chavez dies of cancer at 58
26 palestinian prisoners released from israeli prison
palestinian prisoner dies of cancer , unrest in israel jails
cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
why cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
twelve killed as gunmen raid village
five killed in blasts in india
egypt shuts down muslim brotherhood newspaper
egypt : muslim brotherhood deputy head arrested
strong earthquake in western china kills 47 people
strong earthquake in western china kills at least 75
french forces take key mali town
french forces seize key town
'large and extremely dangerous ' tornado heads towards oklahoma city
mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake oklahoma city area
hostage drama drags on after alabama school bus shooting
palestinian president assigns academic to form west bank gov 't
palestinian president wants israelis to talk peace
pakistan 's malala leaves hospital to await surgery
malala leaves british hospital
pakistan condemns us drone strike in shawal area
pakistan condemns us drone strike in miranshah
residents return to texas blast site
residents return to fallujah
miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
portugal-china to strengthen scientific research ties
singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
sniper waiting for result of appeal
new glories for china in striving for renewal
apple shares hit hard on iphone disappointment
apple stock plunges 11 % after earnings disappointment
eu renews sanctions against zimbabwe
eu lifts diamond sanctions against zimbabwe
occupied palestinian territory : palestinians rebuff us peace talks blueprint
occupied palestinian territory : palestinians face a route to nowhere
owners , others charged in bangladesh factory fire
50 survivors found in bangladesh factory
egypt set to lure gulf investors
egypt seeks to lure investors ...
us-russia reach agreement on syria
us-russia reach agreement on syria weapons
palestinians , jordan coordinate stances on peace talks
hamas senior denies gaza , pa coordinated on peace talks
voting canceled in three provinces in tense thai election
cambodian opposition rejects hun sen election win
klci futures traded mixed at mid-day
kl shares mixed at mid-day
suspected u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan
us drone strike kills at least ten in pakistan
egypt court turns down mubarak 's release request
iranian exiles report deaths in iraq camp
at least 47 iranian exiles killed at iraq 's camp ashraf
'blade runner ' pistorius to dispute murder charge
pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
israeli credibility on line over iran nuclear challenge
egyptians vote on islamist-backed constitution
'judge at polls directs voters on egypt constitution vote'
mexico swears in president amid violent protests
former new mexico gov. richardson pressing north korean test ban
indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
typhoon survivors raid philippine stores
typhoon bopha kills 15 in s. philippines
car bomb wounds 15 in hezbollah stronghold in lebanon
car bomb rocks hezbollah stronghold in lebanon
rf fm urges syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in syria
s korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
8 dead , 11 missing in sw china landslide
khan said named as new pakistani taliban leader after hakimullah mehsud killed in drone strike
at least 66 killed in bomb blasts in iraq
at least 47 killed in baquba blasts
russia destroys over 75 % of its chemical weapons stockpile
britain sees evidence assad could use chemical weapons
iran earthquake death toll rises
algeria hostage death toll rises
suarez set for cup comeback
french set for mali ground combat
maldives team in india to observe an election
testimony in trial of former fm liberman begins
death toll rises to 6 as storm xaver batters northern europe
storm death toll rises as wind , rain batters north . europe
pakistan releases top afghan taliban prisoner
pakistan releases seven afghan taliban fighters
mixed reactions to nz same-sex marriage
new zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
tv weatherman fred talbot arrested over sex claims
weatherman fred talbot held over ' sex abuse'
u.s. drone strike kills 5 in pakistan
pakistan drone strike kills up to six
building collapses in india ; 25 feared trapped
india building collapse kills 14 ; dozens trapped
somalia 's shebab claims responsibility for nairobi mall attack
syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in lebanon
israel agrees to release palestinian prisoners
israel releases 26 more palestinian prisoners
dozens die as clashes erupt at morsi rally in cairo
more than 70 dead in clashes at morsi rallies in egypt
spanish train crash driver to be questioned
spanish train driver garzon to be questioned by judge
about 60 crushed to death in ivory coast stampede
61 dead in ivory coast stampede
glasgow helicopter crash search ends
glasgow helicopter crash : at least six dead
three dead in us marathon bomb
taliban denies involvement in boston marathon bombing
india braces for massive cyclone
india issues red alert for cyclone phailin
discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked colorado shooting
discipline against student thought to be key to motive
many killed in japan road tunnel collapse
many killed in syrian air strike
no plan to shut petrol pumps at night moily
india govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
clinton to testify this month on benghazi attack
clinton returns to work , plans to testify on benghazi attack
tens of thousands of ukrainians protest in kyiv
tens of thousands line up to cast votes in bhutan
karzai to visit pakistan for taliban peace talks
afghan president extends visit to pakistan for taliban talks
singapore shares open lower on friday
singapore shares open higher on thursday
obama pledges to reignite economy
obama to press congress to act on economy
two earthquakes hit northwest china , 11 dead
twin quakes kill 89 in china
'whitey ' bulger given two consecutive life terms
whitey bulger gets life for racketeering , killings
pak missions in uae gear up for elections
islamist parties in egypt unite for elections
bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
bangladesh building collapse : death toll climbs to 580
algeria hostage crisis ends ; death toll unclear
algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
egypt ministry again urges end to pro-morsi protests
egypt : child killed in cairo clashes after pro-morsi protest
south africa : mandela remains in hospital
china yuan strengthens to new high against usd
police question man in deadly la boardwalk crash
police arrest suspect in deadly la driving attack
turkish riot police tear gas taksim square protest
turkish riot police enter taksim square
feds move to require car-to-car safety communication
guatemala overturns former dictator 's genocide conviction
north korea shuns offer of talks
north korea shoots 2 rockets
iran warns against military intervention in iraq
explosion near damascus military airport
israel pm accuses iran president of hypocrisy
greek pm accuses coalition of hypocrisy
police clash with youth in cairo after anti-morsi protest
egypt : police clash with pro-morsi protesters
top diplomats meet in munich at critical time
top diplomats discuss iran 's nuclear program
snowden ' given refugee document by ecuador'
snowden poised to fly out of moscow
na president ‚ äôs message on the world press freedom day
pakistan marks world press freedom day
eu foreign ministers to discuss syria arms embargo
eu foreign ministers seek solution on syria arms
death toll from philippine earthquake rises to 185
death toll from philippines quake rises to 144
army jets kill 38 militants in nw pakistan air raids
philippines holds second senator over corruption
philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
german envoy optimistic about iran-g5 + 1 talks
iran ' cautiously optimistic ' about future nuclear talks
chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
chinese search plane finds ' suspicious objects'
death toll in building collapse in south india mounts to 47
4 killed in building collapse in southern india
pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 tv channels
pakistan dismisses case against fbi agent
palestinian prisoners arrive at muqata in ramallah
pakistani prisoner assaulted in jammu jail
5 hurt in gaza city car accident
thai junta amasses security force to smother bangkok protests
thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
aso refuses to resign over nazi comments
spanish pm refuses to resign over corruption scandal
explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in lebanon 's tripoli
2 explosions rock city in northern lebanon
pakistan fighter jets bomb ' taliban hideouts'
pakistan wants arms supply to syrian sides stopped
gunmen kill eight in second kenya attack
gunmen ' kill 15 ' in second kenya attack
u.s. resumes search for missing british sailors after public
us coast guard suspends search for missing british sailors
iraqi bomb attacks kill at least 13
iraqi car bomb near church kills at least 14
egypt forces set to block access to morsi protest camps
egyptian forces move to clear pro-morsi protest camps
japan 's opposition party chief criticizes abe 's economic policies
zimbabwe ‚ äôs opposition mdc party challenges robert mugabe ‚ äôs election win
ukraine 's opposition chief wants more protests
queen pays tribute to nelson mandela
south africa 's rugby fraternity mourns mandela
declines in us stock market moderate
tech sell-off sends asian stock markets lower
latest anti-muslim violence in burma kills 1 , injures 10
world briefing | asia : myanmar : deadly anti-muslim violence flares up
the note 's must-reads for friday may 24 , 2013
the note 's must-reads for tuesday october 29 , 2013
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern china
2 killed , dozens injured by blast in southwest pakistan
iran predicts failure of israeli-palestinian peace talks
tentative deal reached to resume israeli-palestinian talks - us
titanic violin nabs record $ 1.4 million
titanic violin sells for $ 1.7 million
jal 's first order from airbus is blow to boeing
japan airlines orders 31 airbus a350s valued at $ 9.5 bn
sienna miller testifies at uk phone hacking trial
sienna miller attacks press for ‚ äėtitillating ‚ äô reports at hacking trial
israelis attack 2 palestinians in jerusalem area
settlers beat up palestinian in jerusalem
eu extends sanctions against russia
nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against russian sailors
cuba sees " major role " for foreign investment
house set to vote on plan to reopen government
‚ äėglee ‚ äô star cory monteith found dead in hotel room
cory monteith found dead : canadian ‚ äėglee ‚ äô star was 31
iranian president makes debut on world stage
iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
cameron ' has no concerns ' over halal meat
veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
gm slow on recalls , congress record shows
mobile world congress future smartphone
death toll in lebanon bombings rises to 47
1 suspect arrested after lebanon car bombings kill 45
bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
bangladesh factory owners arrested
4 egyptian soldiers killed in sinai ambush
3 egyptian soldiers killed in sinai car bombing
beijing 's aircraft carrier returns from south china sea
china sends carrier to south china sea
egypt courts hear cases against mubarak , islamists
egypt court temporarily releases mubarak over illicit gains
moscow 's crimea success could lead to it redrawing ukraine 's eastern border
merkel : russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
donetsk region protesters detain trucks carrying government rocket ammo
come and get me , says thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
coronation street 's bill roache arrested
coronation street stars hail ' amazing ' new set
at least 22 dead after china earthquake
at least 89 dead in china earthquakes
news is my business
a new ipad is coming
glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
earthquake death toll rises to 260
afghanistan : suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast
roadside bomb ' kills eight afghan soldiers'
eu , myanmar work toward investment protection agreement
china no longer top investment destination : poll
thousands of morsi supporters gather in egypt
feds drop ' morning-after pill ' appeal
us to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
police fire tear gas at protesters in bangkok
police fire tear gas at protesters
shooting , protests mar thai voting
thai protesters disrupt advance voting
china stock index futures close lower -- april 23
seven filipinos slain in yemen attack
syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
israel ends airstrike case ; palestinians critical
israeli gunboats fire at palestinian fishermen
iran ' thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
china yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against usd tuesday
protests continue in ukraine despite concessions
relief in boston as second suspect captured
red cross workers released in ukraine
red cross members kidnapped in syria
syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
syria : cameron and obama move west closer to intervention
bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
bangladesh prison van ambushed
wreckage of air algerie plane carrying 116 people found in mali
wreckage from airalgerie flight ah5017 found in mali
influential palestinians seek one democratic state
arab league backs palestinian stance in peace talks
dozens killed in russian plane crash
ten killed in alaska plane crash
us government shutdown begins - live updates
government shutdown begins over health care feud
suicide bomber kills 14 in afghanistan
suicide blast kills 1 in afghan capital
all eyes on khurshid ‚ äôs trip ...
eu finance ministers ‚ äô talks b ...
australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75 %
chinese news agency slams delays in search for jet
ten chinese vessels on standby for jet search
classic crossword - saturday 1st june
classic crossword - saturday 20th april
n korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
n. korea fires short-range missiles
novice ' steered south korea ferry'
south korea ferry captain arrested
chinese president meets indian vice president
chinese president meets u.s. state secretary
death toll in nairobi attack rises to 59
death toll from egypt violence rises to 638
iran dissidents ' killed in iraq'
france loses influence in europe
james gandolfini dies aged 51
twelve killed in bomb blast on pakistani train
five killed by bomb blast in east india
fourteen killed in brazil bus accident
two killed in arizona skydiving accident
us : assad used chemical weapons on syria rebels
assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
death toll in bangladesh collapse at 194
israeli teens missing in west bank
israel finds bodies of three missing teens in west bank
president mourns death of mandela
world mourns passing of mandela
two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut , 7 killed
blast near iran embassy in beirut
singapore shares open 0.31 % higher on monday
singapore shares open lower on monday
suicide bomber kills 23 iraqi army recruits
suicide bomber kills 13 iraqi army recruits in baghdad
38 killed in rains , flash floods in pakistan
three killed in brazil stadium collapse
7 killed by shiite al-houthi fighters in northern yemen
at least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north yemen
iran excluded from syria peace talks : un
kerry call on congress to end shutdown
brazil 's congress approves internet legislation
canada train plot suspects reject charges
canadians released in egypt , not yet heading home
east ukraine separatists ask to join russia
crimean parliament votes to join russia
rudd sworn in as new australian pm
muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
moon rocks indicate earth 's orb born of collision
indian minister killed in head-on collision
egypt strongly opposes military action against syria
reactions to the prospect of military action against syria
pro-russia rebels downed malaysian plane : ukraine
russia preparing counterproposals over ukraine
no argument with jakarta on boats : abbott
no agreement at iran nuclear talks
egypt 's opposition criticizes president 's speech
pakistan 's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
syrian war seen dragging on for years
syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
russia says ballistic missiles fired in mediterranean
israel says it carried out joint missile test with us in mediterranean
volcano erupts in indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed
volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
49 killed , 148 wounded in violent attacks in iraq
ukraine 's yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
ukraine opposition demands yanukovich resign
flash floods kill 58 in eastern afghanistan
bomb wounds 16 in eastern afghanistan
world powers , iran under rouhani revive nuclear talks
world powers seek rare progress in iran nuclear talks
muslim brotherhood banned in egypt
military holds upper hand in egypt
more deaths expected in canada oil train explosion
five dead in canada train crash
philippines defers comment on taiwan fisher attack
bin laden 's continuing sway shown in kenya mall attack
crowds , dignitaries gather for mandela memorial service
obama takes ' selfie ' at mandela 's funeral service
obama urges restraint from israelis , palestinians
obama meets israeli , palestinian negotiators
russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
russia evacuates embassy in libya after attack
china manufacturing index at 11-month low : hsbc
china manufacturing expands in september
france to ban child beauty pageants
facebook to test mobile payments service
today in history , dec. 2
today in history , april 23
un adopts syrian chemical weapons resolution
death toll rises to 29 in india 's mumbai building collapse
death toll rises to 12 in indonesia mine collapse
extremists claim responsibility for niger attacks
greek militant group claims responsibility for golden dawn killings
pro-russians forces enter ukrainian naval base in crimea
crimean forces storm ukrainian navy headquarters
no update on nelson mandela 's condition
nelson mandela 's condition improves
ukraine : nine people die in kyiv clashes
ukraine pressured over kiev clashes
prince george is christened at st james 's palace
prince george christened in london
italian foreign minister confers with ghana vp
belgian prime minister sends condolences to victims
gunman who held suburban atlanta firefighters hostage now dead , police say
the lede : video : gunman takes firefighters hostage in georgia
egypt poll : 98 per cent vote ' yes ' for new constitution
egypt holding key vote on constitution
israeli forces arrest 6 palestinians in overnight west bank raids
israel classifies jerusalem natives as noncitizens
hague ' concerns over conduct ' of zimbabwe election
zimbabwe : ' grave concerns ' over election
hong kong stocks end higher
dignitaries pay tribute to paul desmarais
stars pay tribute to james garner
vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar fire
vatican embassy in syria hit by mortar ; no injuries
islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 pakistani
'western ' forces attack islamic militant base in somalia
western powers scramble to befriend modi
hong kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
suicide bomber kills 20 in iraq
suicide bomber attacks primary school in iraq , kills 15
five children buried alive in bohol landslide
nine children die in attack in afghanistan attack
6 killed by hot lava as indonesia volcano erupts
five dead in indonesian eruption
at least 11 killed in india building collapse
egypt 's presidential election begins
egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
italian parliament backs new pm
train derailment kills 4 in new york
russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting internet
russia says ballistic ' objects ' fired in mediterranean
super typhoon haiyan , strongest of season , slams the philippines
super typhoon haiyan closes in on the philippines
nato condemns ukraine crackdown
thai bonds best in region
china to investigate eu wine exports
christie investigation heats up
conan o 'brien at the white house correspondents ' dinner
obama and o 'brien cast their versions of d.c. white house correspondents ' dinner
boston bomb suspect charged ; religious motive seen
boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
asian markets mixed on china trade data
asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
foreign exchange rates in india
foreign exchange rates in singapore
colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off indonesia island
earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes thailand
us , afghan govt to hold peace talks with taliban
pakistan holds direct talks with taliban
news of terrorism and the israeli-palestinian conflict ( january 22 ‚ äď 28 , 2014 )
news of terrorism and the israeli-palestinian conflict ( july 31 ‚ äď august 6 , 2013 )
'it 's either too late or too early to intervene in syria'
un chief : inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in syria
iran 's nuclear negotiating team leaves for kazakhstan
iran 's nuclear quest ' has cost tehran over $ 100 billion'
u.s factory orders down 0.7 pct in january
german factory orders rebound in january
typhoon death toll rises to 3633
egyptian death toll rises to 638
russian parliament allows putin to use military in ukraine
russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern ukraine : fm
g7 ' to intensify russia sanctions'
ukraine fears russian invasion
russian prime minister on second day of crimea visit
russia warns against setting preconditions for syria
us military deaths in afghanistan at 2,153
u.s. military deaths in afghanistan
israel , palestinians seek another meeting monday : u.s. official
palestinians : we don 't want kerry mission to fail
tropical storm karen targets us gulf coast
tropical storm karen poised to make landfall
suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central somalia
suicide bomber kills at least 4 in kabul
india accuses china of crossing de facto border
senate , house on collision course on border money
pregnant sudan woman who married a christian man sentenced to death for ' apostasy'
sudan frees christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
kerry pursuing ' quiet strategy ' in mideast peace process
kerry meets israeli leaders to push mideast peace
north korea says to restart nuclear reactor
north korea offers talks : complex may re-open
suicide bomber kills eight , wounds 13 in afghan capital - police
suicide bomb kills 4 in syrian capital 's old city
one week later : boston honors bombing victims ; suspect unable to speak
more rain hampers indian flood rescue
us tourist gang-raped in northern india : police
a look at major terror attacks in east africa
un security council slams deadly terrorist attack in kenyan capital
russia responds to ukraine ceasefire
cyprus probes ukraine assets
kim jong-un executed his ' worse than a dog ' uncle
nkorea executes kim jong un ' uncle
colourful support at world cup in brazil
merkel to attend world cup final
mandela remains in hospital
mandela remains in ' intensive care'
us drone strike kills six in pakistan officials
vietnam detects signals from missing plane
china expands search area for missing plane
birthday of dprk to be celebrated in peru
curiosity rover celebrates 1 year on mars
powerful 7.6 quake strikes off solomons
powerful 6.9 quake strikes off california coast
india ink : image of the day : may 21
india ink : image of the day : january 16
obama condemns egypt violence , cancels military exercises
pakistan condemns violence in egypt
argentina declares mourning for flood victims
parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
prince 's christening a blend of old and new
when is prince george 's christening ? baptism plan , royal baby 's godparents and all the details
what the papers say , may 20 , 2013
what the papers say , nov. 19 , 2013
google releases nexus 5 phone with kit kat
google redesigns search results on pcs
u.s. , allies to add sanctions against russia over ukraine
eu slaps new sanctions on russia over ukraine
factories that ran on korean cooperation go silent
north and south korea break their silence with talks
chinese premier meets indian vice president
hezbollah urges to elect new lebanese president
algerian president in france for medical tests
algerian president in france for medical tests after minor stroke
islamists still holding some 30 hostages as kenya mall standoff continues
death toll rises as kenya mall siege continues
manchester city wins second premier league title in three years
manchester city win english premier league title
egypt policeman killed in sinai attack
egyptian soldiers killed in sinai attack
extension likely for iran nuclear talks
oil slips below $ 108 ahead of iran nuclear talks
fire kills 38 in russian psychiatric institution
russia warns it may not sign landmark un arms treaty
un closes in on landmark arms treaty
didier reynders on syria
obama 's day : prime time on syria
north korea : experts call for dialogue ‚ äď and say china must play a part
north korea cuts last ties with south by barring joint industrial park
china stocks open higher monday
sony xperia z2 and nokia ‚ äôs x series unveiled
court orders political ban on italy ‚ äôs berlusconi
new coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- who
who : new virus can probably pass person to person
east harlem explosion death toll rises
mexico storm death toll continues to rise
british prime minister condemns murder of teens
royal hoax dj takes action against station
taliban bombs us base in afghanistan
arsenal v stoke city ‚ äď live !
tottenham v manchester city ‚ äď live !
business news and markets : as it happened , april 17 , 2013
business news and markets : as it happened , june 20 , 2013
tropical storm karen weakens as it nears u.s. gulf coast
workers killed in india building collapse
76 killed in bangladesh building collapse
north korea fires three short-range missiles
car bomb kills 37 in northwest pakistan
bomb kills three in northwest pakistan
malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
malaysia elections : malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
car bomb in northern syria kills at least 12
syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in aleppo
philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
death toll in philippines quake jumps to 85
search ends for missing asylum-seekers
search narrowed for missing man
ukrainian president orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
uganda 's president museveni agrees to sign anti-gays bill
headlines in major iranian newspapers on sept 30
headlines in major iranian newspapers on nov 21
cyclone leaves trail of destruction in india
cyclone phailin evacuation kept indian villagers alive
taliban kill 15 police in west afghanistan
us drone kills two in eastern afghanistan
at least two killed in southern egypt clash
at least 18 killed in north caucasus train station blast
winter storm ion : state-by-state ...
winter storm janus : state-by-state ...
corpses of 53 men found south of baghdad
iraqi officials : 50 bodies found south of baghdad
bomb attacks kill 20 in baghdad 's christian areas
bombs kill 35 in baghdad christian area
china sets bo xilai trial date
china bo xilai trial in fourth day
muslims prepare for start of ramadan
muslims pray for end to divisions
japan scrambles jets against russian military planes
separatists down ukraine military plane , several dead
thousands of britons claim dole in germany
thousands of white-clad amsterdammers march for mh17
suspected us drone targets islamic seminary in pakistan
obama to sign up for obamacare
china yuan weakens to 6.1535 against usd
'trayvon could have been me'
trayvon martin could have been ...
china sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
china ships enter waters off disputed islands
kerry 's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 palestinian inmates
kerry plan to include prisoner release , settlement freeze
police : explosion in belfast cathedral quarter
explosion in kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
syrians protest against erdogan in paris , venezuelans stress support to syria
turkey 's erdogan in iran to mend ties after split over syria
prime minister to seek nuclear deal , investments during japan visit
manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with japan
us postpones missile test over n korea tensions
embassies staying put in n. korea despite tension
at least six dead in us shooting rampage
at least 20 dead in somalia attacks
gunmen kill 10 in philippine political violence
five killed in philippines volcano eruption
israel approves release of first group of palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
nato : 5 americans killed in southern afghanistan
roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern afghanistan
conmen dressed as women steal cash
cctv : york conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
bangladesh garment factory fire ' kills 8'
bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
ukraine hosts ‚ äėunity talks ‚ äô
pope hits out at ‚ äėwar to sell arms ‚ äô in syria
pakistan 's musharraf under arrest in bhutto assassination
pakistan 's musharraf arrives at court for first time
trial date set for egypt 's muslim brotherhood chief
syria 's muslim brotherhood faces uphill battle
red panda ‚ äôs short-lived zoo escape
india ‚ äôs march to mars
israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding palestinian prisoners
israel 's west bank control ' costing palestinian economy billions'
son of top muslim brotherhood leader killed
egypt arrests muslim brotherhood leader badie
hot-air balloon catches fire in virginia
hot air balloon ' catches fire and crashes'
quotes from leaders , family at mandela memorial
world unites for mandela memorial
mumbai indians puts t & t in its place
indonesians vote for president in tight race
what the papers say , nov. 20 , 2013
what the papers say , oct. 10 , 2013
palestinian president receives jordanian foreign minister
palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
obama nominates new transportation secretary
obama to meet embattled veterans secretary
china yuan weakens to 6.1059 against usd
china yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against usd friday
french raid wine cellar for austerity auction
us praises ukraine deal ; calls for concrete action
us , russia agree on seizure of syria chemical weapons
syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
s korea mps to visit kaesong complex
s. korea demands talks with n. korea on closed factory
algerian priest to lecture about christian heritage in n. africa
telstra applies to list china site in ny
headlines in major iranian newspapers on april 5
headlines in major iranian newspapers on august 18
implications of palestinian reconciliation
belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
hijacker arrested after plane lands at geneva airport
hijacked aircraft lands in geneva
saudi urges u.n. action against israel strikes on syria
ankara protesters clash with police
peru protesters clash with police
puerto rican arrested for production of child pornography
indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
ukraine signs eu trade pact as russia finalizes crimea annexation
ukraine 's top court dismisses crimea 's independence as " unconstitutional "
assad warns turkey of ' heavy price ' for backing syrian rebels
cabinet at war over arming syrian rebels
hong kong stocks close 2.33 % higher
19 killed , 42 wounded in violent attacks in iraq
43 killed , 86 wounded in attacks in iraq
indian rape accused face verdicts
indian rape accused found guilty
iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
iran nuclear deal sealed after decades-long dispute
egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
labor ministry announcement due on monday
headlines in major iranian newspapers on dec 30
headlines in major iranian newspapers on july 6
dozens injured in connecticut train collision
ukraine : three killed in parliament protests
ukraine president calls talks to end protests
transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of south korean ferry
transcript reveals confusion over ferry evacuation
fallen us firefighters brought home
wall street ends slightly lower
uk vote rejects military action
britain rejects syria military action
singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
venezuelan president to visit china
senegalese president to visit china
cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
in cairo camps , protesters dig in and live on
missing plane search turns to vietnamese islands
missing malaysia airlines plane ' crashes off vietnam'
official of malaysia airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
malaysia airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
stars pay tribute to cory monteith
the note 's must-reads for friday , august 23 , 2013
britain 's prince philip set for ' exploratory ' surgery
uk 's prince philip hospitalized
japan starts hearing on sales tax , ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise
japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
three bomb attacks kill six soldiers , one civilian
school bomb attack kills two in southern thailand
italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
passengers dead in italy bus plunge
at least 60 die in iraq prison attack
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts taiwan : cenc
chinese shares close higher tuesday
chinese shares close lower on wednesday
car bombs kill 58 in iraqi capital
ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
canadian freight train blast death toll hits three , to rise
canadian government ' monitoring ' train blast situation
nigel farage calls on government to let syrian refugees into uk
'no plans ' to resettle syrian refugees in the uk
gonsalves keeps up pressure on dom rep
china yuan weakens to 6.1510 against usd
radio : israel set to increase palestinian prisoner release
us : israel to delay palestinian prisoner release
morsi 's supporters reject plan
morsi supporters march in egypt
egypt court sentences 10 brotherhood supporters to death - sources
turkish pm tells supporters to prepare for rallies
obama condemns killing of 3 israeli teens
bodies of missing israeli teens found in west bank
men tried to behead soldier on london street , court hears
australia spied on indonesia president : reports
ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
putin speaks on ukraine , protesters rebuild barricades
mel smith dead at 60 and uk mourns a comedy favourite
griff rhys jones : mel smith was ' a force for life'
three dead , 63 hurt as new york buildings collapse
two dead , nine hurt in french building collapse
chinese stocks close lower thursday
india ink : image of the day : july 2
india ink : image of the day : march 4
asian muslims celebrate eid as 14 killed in afghanistan
asian muslims celebrate eid as 52 die in pakistan , afghanistan
russian coal mines seek new outlets in china
russian foreign minister to meet un chief
ukraine ‚ äôs pro-russia protesters demand greater autonomy
sudanese protesters demand the regime 's ouster
iraq army fights to retake tikrit
iraq army claims victory in tikrit
iran condemns alleged israeli airstrike on syria
democrats face divide over a strike on syria
israel agrees to extend gaza truce by four hours
israel , hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
fire at south korean bus terminal kills 5
s korea bus station fire kills seven
four civilians , three nato soldiers killed in afghanistan
three nato soldiers killed in afghanistan
protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
egypt : protesters storm muslim brotherhood 's hq
tokyo stocks open down 0.24 %
tokyo stocks open up 0.52 %
shankill blast victims to be remembered
crocodile victim 's body recovered
118 people killed in twin blasts in nigeria
ten killed in new blast in russia
yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621
kenya red cross says death toll rises to 68
tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
iran 's khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
those refused medical cards urged to contact hse
hse boss defends medical-card plan
world ‚ äôs largest building opened in west china
italy ‚ äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
israeli lightly hurt by stones in west bank
israeli troops kill palestinian in west bank raid
death toll from egypt protests rises to 49
syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
syria opposition pressed to attend talks
poverty stats doubt modi 's development claims
gm to start taking recall compensation claims aug 1
pro-russia rebels to hold vote in ukraine
syria rebels : we killed hezbollah men in lebanon
georgians vote for new president
germany welcomes iran nuclear agreement
what the papers say , aug. 19 , 2013
2 indian traders stranded in china sent back home
46 indian nurses stranded in iraq return home
california governor declares drought emergency
california governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
peace talks with palestinians would take months : israel official
3yo palestinian girl killed in israeli raid
17 : 02 23 killed in iraq car bombings
11 children killed in syria bombings
two dead , more trapped in latest mumbai building collapse
two are trapped as us building collapses
air strikes kills dozens in northern syria
ukraine will not give ' an inch ' over crimea
chinese tourist abducted from malaysia
china returns 10 children abducted from vietnam
un inspectors hail progress over syria chemical weapons
u.s. has not concluded syria used chemical weapons -white house
two arrests made after protest against nigel farage
kerry vows progress after latest intensive mideast trip
gunmen kill 15 libyan soldiers
gunmen kill 3 lebanese troops near syria
iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week
uk : iran nuclear talks at a serious point
bangkok tense on thai election eve
bangladesh : crackdown escalates ahead of election
china ‚ äėwill protect interests ‚ äô of foreign business
obama in ‚ äėdirect ‚ äô confrontation with putin on ukraine
many dead as asylum boat sinks off australia
north korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle
north korean intrigue : the execution of power
chinese president arrives in netherlands for state visit , nuclear summit
chinese president arrives in venezuela for state visit
israel sanctions palestinians in new blow to peace talks
israel to release palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
fbi audio expert testifies in zimmerman trial
jury selection begins in zimmerman 's trial
boston bombing suspect to appear in court
boston bombing suspect buried
death toll in india building collapse hits 42
toll from india building collapse hits 25
obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
us stocks retreat on manufacturing data
president obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from afghanistan by 2016
us government shutdown : obama tells republicans to lift threat to us economy if they want talks
us , nato raise doubts russia pulled back from ukraine border
no sign of russian withdrawal from ukraine border , official says
ftse bursa malaysia update : 11.30am
ftse bursa malaysia update : 3.00pm
glasgow helicopter crash : woman pc is victim
quotations in the news
quotations of the day
philip leaves hospital after 11 days
mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
israel frees second group of palestinian prisoners
two skydivers dead after colliding during us jump
two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in arizona
'iron man ' jetpacks spark concerns in hawaii
'iron man ' jetpacks spark concerns
france says won 't ' shirk responsibilities ' in syria
france urges eu to be united on syria
boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video , no arrest
boston bombing suspect was under fbi surveillance , says mother
china 's anger at n. korea overcomes worry over us
china 's anger at north korea overcomes worry over u.s. stealth flights
china yuan weakens to 6.1705 against usd
man held after teen shot in belfast
man , 40 , arrested after shooting
police stop maldives presidential election
indian army kill 3 militants in indian-controlled kashmir
indian troops kill militant commander in indian-controlled kashmir
car bomb kills 40 in northwest pakistan
iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
iran urges rapid release of diplomat
turkey president appeals for calm
texas house provisionally approves abortion law
north korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
n korea ' fires 100 shells ' into the sea
man dies in co donegal house fire
woman dies in co cork house fire
doha gas blast kills 12 , injures dozens
syria missile kills 26 , including 8 kids
polling stations open at ukrainian presidential election
nominations open for e.tv ghana most influential awards
india ink : image of the day : april 21
india ink : image of the day : may 2
gunmen attack hotel in remote pakistani province
china 's troubled xinjiang hit by more violence
china 's online population rises to 618 mln
relatives scuffle with police after china fire kills 120
angry families demand answers after china plant fire kills 119
iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
iran rejects mko claim on nuclear site
india minister 's wife died ' unnatural death ' after affair rumours
minister 's wife 's death ' unnatural'
3 dead , 1 hurt in shooting at s carolina oceanfront motel
4 dead , 30 injured in train collision near moscow
burial of boston bombing suspect appears legal
'ready to go home : ' last boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
5 killed in s china road cave-in
02 : 41 156 killed in china earthquake
south africa president : mandela is improving
afghan president delays signing us deal
world news update , what you need to know
labour 's 50p tax rate : what you need to know
syrian civil war in photos
syrian civil war peace talks at risk from iran invitation
abdullah widens lead in afghan presidential poll
explosions heard near afghan presidential palace
bangladesh honors factory victims
retailers back bangladesh factory safety pact
man who set himself on fire on national mall has died
man sets himself on fire on national mall , flown to hospital
bomb blast rocks shopping mall in nigeria , 12 killed
bomb blasts before indian opposition rally kill 4
philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460 : un
philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
police fire teargas on venezuelan vote protesters
chavez heir maduro wins venezuela 's presidency
wave of attacks kills at least 95 in iraq
suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern iraq
top chinese political advisor meets greek pm
top chinese political advisor meets yemeni president
16 killed in series of attacks in iraq
us military presence in east asia
nato ups military presence amid russian threat
egypt 's muslim brotherhood refuses to back down
egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader to life in prison
at least 6 dead in canada bus , train crash
at least 6 dead in paris train crash
chinese president meets greek pm , calling for stronger partnership
italian fugitive arrested in dominican republic
australian icebreaker arrives in east antarctica for new rescue bid
india , us to hold talks on china next week
egypt to hold more talks with imf on loan next week
ehud olmert , former israeli prime minister , sentenced to six years in jail for corruption
ehud olmert sentenced to six years in israel
brahimi apologises to syria over lack of peace progress
mediator apologizes to syrians for lack of peace progress
egyptian protesters issue morsi resignation ultimatum
ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
5 things to know about the sochi olympics
7 things to know about ethanol
china stocks open lower on wednesday
china 's stocks close lower on monday
us delays missile test as tensions rise
william hague : us decision to halt missile test ' sensible'
india , china ink border pact ; 8 other agreements
india , china ink agreement on trans-border rivers
russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
3 chinese tourists killed in pakistan
seven kidnappers killed in southern nigeria
sevens world cup within kenya ‚ äôs reach
clash of styles in court opens trial in young man ‚ äôs death
stolen skulls found in home museum
pakistani taliban chief killed in us drone strike
funeral for pakistan taliban chief ' set to take place'
putin signs crimea annexe treaty
09 : 32 putin signs off crimea annexation
faa continues ban on us flights to tel aviv
chinese envoy rebuts vietnamese , philippine accusations over south china sea
china 's xi tells vietnam wants peace in south china sea
four more people arrested over australia 's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate
police target illegal tobacco syndicate
obama moves to fill fed board , taps fischer to be no. 2
obama voices willingness to talk with gop on budget
iran 's president condemns use of chemical weapons in syria
probe alleged use of chemical weapons in syria
a society fraying at the edges
old tv alignments crack at the edges
italy bus crash death toll rises
starbucks clears college degree path for workers
angela merkel headed for narrow win in german elections
malawi 's new president sworn in after disputed elections
israel detains 37 palestinians as arrest operation continues
israel criticizes palestinian stance on settlers
rebels kill 21 civilians in syria alawite village
bomb kills 18 civilians in afghanistan
palestinian hunger striker , israel reach deal
palestinian activist detained in israeli raid
food price hikes raise concerns in iran
american chris horner wins tour of spain
obama made last-minute decision on syria approval
obama mulls limited military action in syria
mayawati demands president 's rule in kashmir
mayawati demands presidents rule in jammu and kashmir
philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
cars , drivers plunge into river after wash . i-5 bridge collapse
cars plunge into river as us bridge collapses
egypt 's morsi faces trial for prison break , murder , says prosecution
egypt 's morsi faces trial for prison break
thai army declares martial law
thailand 's army declares martial law , denies coup
israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
israel agrees to 24-hour gaza truce
quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off indonesia 's sumatra - usgs
earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off indonesia island
chinese satellite spots large object in search area
malaysia : chinese satellite found object in ocean
u.s. and russia reach a deal on syria 's chemical weapons
china welcomes us , russia deal on syria chemical weapons
mandela 's condition has ' improved'
mandela 's condition has ' worsened over past 48 hours'
obama orders syria ' gas attack ' inquiry
un urges syria gas attack inspection
ukraine 's jailed opposition icon tymoshenko walks free
oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
thai protests escalate amid violence
thai protesters call general strike
egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
un warns of plight of women , children in syria 's homs
unicef calls for immediate safe access to women , children in homs
sony to sell pc unit and cut jobs
sony to axe pc unit in major business overhaul
man kills 4 in calif. before police shoot him dead
police : gunman killed 6 in california shootings
n. korea deports elderly american
north korea deports detained us war veteran
search leader urges caution in findings related to missing malaysian jetliner
searchers hoping pings come from lost malaysian airliner
mandela remembered by family , as stadium memorial service is planned
mandela 's family thanks nation and world for support
obama urges military action against syria , but will seek congress ' ok
jordan elected to take saudi seat on un security council
jordan elected to un security council seat that saudi arabia rejected
at least 18 killed in iraq mosque bombing
more than 60 killed at iraq funeral
police surround protesters in belfast ahead of g8
peaceful anti-g8 protest held in belfast
george zimmerman verdict propels cable news into talkradio mode
ten rescued off waterford , dublin coasts
six rescued after boat capsizes in dublin bay
one killed in clashes at muslim brotherhood cairo offices
saudi women to protest against driving ban
saudi women drive in protest with little problem
president obama warns russia to stay out of ukraine
nelson mandela hospital release reports ' incorrect'
nelson mandela goes home after hospital stay
world stocks rise on hopes fed to keep stimulus
fed expected to maintain stimulus
no winners in a war of sanctions
the impact of sanctions on russia
world cup hit by new stadium death
worker dies at world cup stadium
tata nano and other indian small cars fail crash tests
how does world 's cheapest car do in crash test ?
greece reaches agreement with troika , bailout tranche expected within days
debt inspectors reach agreement with greece
malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border - live
us : russia massing troops on ukraine border
us to determine extent of chemical weapons use by syria
what we know so far about chemical weapons in syria 's civil war
the covert war in pakistan
new major earthquake rocks southwest pakistan
russia 's putin claims authority to invade ukraine
kremlin : putin yet to decide on using russian troops in ukraine
senior cpc official meets top dprk leader 's special envoy
north korean leader sends ' special envoy ' to china
turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
turkish pm erdogan says " duty " to order crackdown on istanbul park protest
singapore shares open 0.28 % lower on thursday
singapore shares open 0.19 % higher on thursday
headlines in major iranian newspapers on oct 4
headlines in several iranian newspapers on oct 19
top asian news at 2 : 30 p.m. gmt
top asian news 1 : 25 p.m. gmt
how the dow jones industrial average did wednesday
how the dow jones industrial average fared on monday
us house republicans elect paul ryan as speaker
us house republicans eye reluctant ryan for speaker
top asian news at 4 : 00 p.m. gmt
top asian news 8 : 39 a.m. gmt
singapore shares open 0.83 % higher on wednesday
singapore shares open 0.06 % lower on tuesday
china treasury bond futures open higher tuesday
china treasury bond futures close mixed wednesday
headlines in major iranian newspapers on sept 27
saudi-led airstrikes hit yemeni capital
saudi airstrikes in yemen 's capital kill 29
mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
militants attack un as mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes nepal
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off indonesia
iran 's parliament backs nuclear deal
iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
iraq bombings kill at least 26
iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
sierra leone in ebola lockdown
sierra leone reaches final day of ebola lockdown
4 killed , several injured in sw china car accident
two killed , seventeen injured in raiwind road accident
more than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in mediterranean
over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in mediterranean
un security council hears yemen envoy 's final ...
un security council urges yemen 's houthis to end ...
israeli forces arrest 21 palestinians overnight , clash with locals
israeli security forces arrest 8 palestinians in overnight west bank sweeps
4 dead , 3 injured in east china road accident
2 dead , 8 injured in central israel traffic accident
markets live : waiting for china data
markets live : china drags
palestinians , israeli police clash at jerusalem 's al-aqsa
palestinian shot by israeli police in east jerusalem dies
the end of the hong kong protests ?
uk ' concern ' over hong kong protests
russian warplanes strike inside syria
russian roulette in syria
cctv of gunmen in tunisia museum attack
19 killed in tunis museum attack
live blog : ukraine in crisis
live blog : iraq in turmoil
nigeria votes in tight presidential election
guineans go to the polls in presidential elections
prince william dons samurai gear on japan tour
prince william of britain arrives in beijing
micronesia vice president to visit china
vice president of bolivia to visit china
islamic state issues video of beheading of us hostage
islamic state posts second propaganda video of uk hostage
iran ends cooperation agreement with pakistan
iran , tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
teenager tests negative for ebola
texas hospital worker tests positive for ebola
texas sues over syrian refugees
turkey ' exploits ' syrian refugees
new us sanctions target overseas cyber attackers
china disagrees with u.s. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
5 killed in israeli air strikes in gaza
38 is militants killed in clashes , air strikes in iraq
deadly blast rocks coal mine in east ukraine
12 dead , despite cease-fire in east ukraine
greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
greece concerns drag on asia markets
rooney helps man united beat everton 3-0 in premier league
west ham beats newcastle 2-0 in premier league
hard-line jewish leader shot in jerusalem
israeli leader urges calm in jerusalem
backstage moves intensify as fight against islamic state widens
mixed progress reported in fight against islamic state
egypt : ipi urges release of al jazeera journalist arrested in berlin
egypt sentences al jazeera journalists to jail
occupied palestinian territory : israeli forces continue to shed palestinian blood in opt
occupied palestinian territory : israel warns on security as gaza truce talks resume
libya : un orders investigation into libya rights abuses
india 's top court orders investigation into job scam , deaths
taiwan coast guard launches new ships as south china sea tensions rise
chinese military reaches out amid south china sea tensions
burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
death toll in nepal earthquake tops 8,000
ashya 's parents arrive for extradition hearing
ashya king 's parents freed from jail in spain
nigeria admits slow response in ebola case
us ramps up response to ebola crisis
thousands cross austria-hungary border
thousands of russians stranded abroad
kranjcar leaves it late to rescue qpr against moses-inspired stoke
harry kane leaves it late to rescue a point for tottenham hotspur
oscar pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
'bookkeeper of auschwitz ' sentenced to four years in prison
pro-palestinian activists march to un headquarters
pro-palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break gaza blockade
benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
menendez faces possible corruption charges
all 224 dead in russian airliner mystery crash
heat flash detected at time of russian airliner crash
govt. to hold talks with ftii students
cameron to hold talks with sturgeon on uk future
li na to announce retirement
us senator ted cruz to announce presidential bid
gunners fire but fail to advance in champions league
epl clubs out to avoid champions league woes
iranian president praises nuclear deal
iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
boko haram disrupts nigerian elections
press awash with nigeria \ ' s general elections
south korea regrets north 's refusal of talks
south korea reports 14th mers death , 12 new cases
plane crash site search called off for the night
tour de france pack sets off for stage 15
obama queries turnbull over china port deal
spanish bulls gore seven to death
china 's generous 1mdb bid seen reaping it big returns in malaysia
china keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by russian president
hezbollah targets qaeda gathering along border with syria
belarus tightens security along the border with ukraine
south korea reports seven new mers cases
south korean woman in contact with mers patient dies
obama calls for international front against is
obama vows to save iraqis stranded on mountain
u.s. military says it conducts airstrikes against is in syria , iraq
observatory says russian air strikes kill 45 in syria
who abandoned 3 boeing planes at the airport ?
police abandon posts in lesotho , fear for lives
north korea to put us citizen on trial
n korea hit with new us sanctions
hong kong officials resume work as protests thin
hong kong student leaders mull protest retreat
ebola uk : nhs staff ' panicked ' after suspected ebola cases
uk says investigating 2 suspected mers cases
uk leader signals support for airstrikes on is in syria
why cyprus backs cameron 's push for uk air strikes in syria
n. korea agrees to talks with south
johor crowns its fifth sultan
iran , a large important partner for russia : novak
iran reiterates support for iraq , syria
taiwan 's president charters plane to pay respects to lee
poland president loses to challenger
two palestinians die in attacks on israelis ahead of kerry visit
palestinian official slams israel 's stone-throwing bill
thomas cook accused of putting costs before customers
university of florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
narendra modi ' photoshopped ' image of chennai floods visit goes viral
pm narendra modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
un chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in guinea
un chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in mali
pakistan executions draw international ire
pakistan protests ceasefire violations by india
two australians killed in kenya after bus crashed into river
permalink to two killed in germany train accident
france shuts mosque , arrests man in crackdown after attacks
security tightened at new delhi churches after attacks
russian plane reportedly crashes in egypt
pilot killed as us jet crashes in england
severe gales as storm clodagh hits britain
merkel pledges nato solidarity with latvia
dozens of egyptians hostages taken by libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes
egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in nile
president heading to bahrain
president xi : china to continue help to fight ebola
china , india vow to further bilateral ties
china scrambles to reassure jittery stock traders
putin spokesman : doping charges appear unfounded
the latest on severe weather : 1 dead in texas after tornado
a man is cutting onions .
a woman is carrying a boy .
a woman is carrying her baby .
three men are playing guitars .
three men are on stage playing guitars .
people are playing cricket .
men are playing cricket .
a man is finding something .
a woman is slicing something .
the girl sang into a microphone .
the lady sang into the microphone .
a man is speaking .
a woman is cooking eggs .
an animal is chewing on something .
an animal is chewing on a key chain .
an animal is biting a persons finger .
a slow loris is biting a persons finger .
a woman is reading .
the lady cracked an egg into a bowl .
the man is cracking eggs into a bowl .
a puppy plays with a plastic container .
the dog is playing with a plastic container .
a man is playing a basketball .
a toddler walks down a hallway .
a little girl is walking down a hallway .
a plane is landing .
a animated airplane is landing .
a panda is climbing .
kids are dancing on stage .
some people are dancing on stage .
a woman is slicing a meat .
a woman is singing on stage .
a woman is taking a picture .
a woman is using a hoe .
two little girls are talking on the phone .
a little girl is walking down the street .
someone is stirring chili in a kettle .
someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon .
a man is singing to a woman .
a man is jumping into water .
a man is cutting paper .
a guy is playing an instrument .
a young man is playing the piano .
a woman is peeling a prawn .
a woman is mixing ingrediants .
a woman is mixing food in a bowl .
a slow lori walks around .
a animal is walking around .
a boy is vacuuming .
a woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil .
a woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid .
a man is making a bed .
a plane rides on a road .
the man sang and played his guitar .
a guy is playing hackysack
a man is playing a key-board .
one man is breaking cement on another man 's chest .
a man breaks cinder blocks on another man .
a man is talking with other women on the beach .
a man is walking down the street .
the man talked to a girl over the internet camera .
a teenager talks to a girl over a webcam .
a turtle walks over the ground .
a large turtle crawls in the grass .
the lady cracked an egg for the mixer .
the lady sliced up the meat .
five kittens are eating out of five dishes .
kittens are eating food on trays .
a woman is cutting raw fish .
a woman is painting her lips .
a dog is barking at a fly .
a baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother .
a baby rhino is following an adult rhino .
a man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter .
a person is chopping coriander leaves .
a woman is slicing up some green leaves .
a man is pressing microwave buttons .
a man turns on the microwave .
batman and robin fly a helicopter over water .
a helicopter flies over water .
a woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking .
an older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove .
a woman is cutting some herbs .
a woman is chopping cilantro .
the lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water .
the lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil .
a man is shooting off guns .
a band is playing on stage .
the cook is kneading the flour .
a woman is kneading tortilla dough .
a woman is riding a horse along a perimeter .
a woman is putting her baby in a waste bin .
the woman is poking holes in the potato .
a cat is pouncing on a trampoline .
a man and woman are eating at a table .
a couple are eating a meal and talking .
a man is turning over tables in anger .
a man is screwing wood to a wall .
a man is giving a woman a massage .
a girl plays a wind instrument .
a small baby is playing a guitar .
a boy sits on a bed , sings and plays a guitar .
a woman is chopping onion .
a man and a woman walk through the woods .
the man and woman are walking .
a child is playing a computer game .
a boy is playing a game on a laptop .
men are jumping into water from a bridge .
men jump in a river .
a woman is peeling some fish .
a woman is pouring a yellow mixture on a frying pan .
people are playing baseball .
the cricket player hit the ball .
a person is boiling soup .
a woman is placing eggs into a pan .
a man breaks a stick .
a ballet dancer is performing on stage .
the beaver is being petted .
a man shoots a basket .
the elephants are bathing .
two women are singing .
the man cut up an onion .
a woman and man are riding in a car .
a woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her .
a girl is dancing in a cage .
a onion is being chopped .
a cat is on a robot .
the lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl .
a woman is pouring eyes into a bowl .
a dog is pulling a girl down a hill .
the man stirred the sauce for the chicken .
the man is stirring oil .
a man jumping rope
a woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind .
someone is beating an egg .
a woman stirs eggs in a bowl .
a woman plays an electric guitar .
a slow loris hanging on a cord .
a woman cuts up some vegetables .
a woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker .
a woman and dog are walking together .
a person is peeling shrimp .
a person is preparing shrimp .
a man is peeling shrimp .
a woman is slicing carrot .
the man is hiking in the woods .
a man is tracking in the wood .
a man is eating a pizza .
a man is eating a food .
the man is buttering the bread .
the man is stirring the rice .
three men are dancing .
women are dancing .
a boy is riding a horse .
a monkey is riding a bus .
a woman is peeling an onion .
the woman is slicing green onions .
a person is mixing a pot of rice .
the girl is playing the guitar .
a lion cub tries to climb a fence .
a lion tries to climb over a wall .
a man is talking on a cell phone .
a man is cleaning a cd .
someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot .
the man is pouring broth into the pot .
a woman is chopping garlic with a knife .
a woman is applying makeup .
a person is cutting a green pepper .
a man is staring at a leaf .
a man is slicing a vegetable .
a person drops a camera down an escelator .
a man tosses a bag down an escalator .
the man is playing the keyboards .
a woman is applying eye shadow .
a woman is washing a bowl .
a tiger is walking around his cage .
a tiger walks around aimlessly .
a person pours cooking oil into a pot .
a person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove .
a parrot is talking .
a parrot is talking into a microphone .
a man is dancing in the rain .
a woman lifts weights .
a child runs into and out of the ocean waves .
a young boy is running toward and from the ocean waves .
a man is playing a wooden flute .
a guy is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse in the desert .
a dog is stealing food from a refrigerator .
the dog took something out of the refrigerator .
a person uses a blowtorch on two cameras .
a person is burning cameras .
a man is putting a knife in a vice .
a woman is cooking meat .
a puppy is trying to come out from the sink .
a person folds a piece of paper .
the woman is pouring oil into the pan .
a woman is climbing a rock wall .
a woman is feeding a baby .
a man is adding water to pan .
a woman is mixing eggs .
the woman is eating .
a man is riding on a boat .
a man is tying in the machine .
a man is serving cake .
a man seasoning quail .
someone is greating a carrot .
a woman is grating an orange food .
a man is standing on a roof top playing a violin .
a man is on a roof dancing .
a monkey is karate kicking a person .
a man shappens a knife .
a man carries a women .
a woman is removing skin from some meat .
a man is stirring ingredients in a bowl .
a man is beating two eggs in a bowl with a fork .
a woman is relaxing in a bath tub .
the woman is cutting potatoes .
a woman is writing something .
a woman is chopping green onions .
a baby eats his food .
a baby is being fed peas .
a man is standing in the rain .
a man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage .
a man is playing the electric guitar .
a woman is riding a horse on the beach .
a person is chopping an herb .
a man is finely chopping a green substance .
a woman is collecting tap water in a mug .
a boy is filling a pitcher with water .
a person is whisking eggs in a bowl .
a woman is beating two eggs in a bowl using a wire whisk .
the dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door .
a dog is trying to get through his dog door .
a woman is mixing eggs in the bowl .
a man is doing push ups .
the lady made some slices on the shrimp .
a chef is slicing a shrimp .
someone is mixing a liquid .
a man is playing an instrument .
the animal with the big eyes is eating .
a slow loris is eating .
a cat is walking on hardwood floor .
a tiger club is playing with a ball .
a person is chopping shrimp with a knife .
a woman is slicing fruit .
two women are slicing some lemons .
the flag was moving in the air .
a flag is waving .
the baby laughed in his car seat .
a dog knocks a boy into the water twice .
a dog pushes a toddler into a rain puddle .
women are holding each other and dancing together .
two men are playing table tennis .
the man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse .
a man is working on his laptop .
a tiger is playing with his trainer .
a tiger attacks a man .
a cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor .
a cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water .
the cat tried to eat the corn on the cob .
a chef is slicing carrot .
a person is drawing a picture .
a woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot .
a young man is playing the guitar .
a man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience .
someone drew on washington 's face on the dollar .
a person draws on a dollar bill .
the girl is slicing an onion .
a woman is chopping an onion into small pieces .
the man is aiming a gun .
a boy is playing on a toy phone .
a cat standing on tree branches .
a black and white cat is high up on tree branches .
the lamb is looking at the camera .
a small bird standing on a log at the waters edge .
a bull standing in the field .
a group of four people in a dinner having cake .
four people eating dessert around a table .
older man wearing beret with mountains in background .
a sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background .
a small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree .
a red and brown bird is perched on branches .
a black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment .
black and brown table in living room setting .
a bag of cotton in front of a couch .
calico cat sitting on step in front of a door .
two horses standing in a field with trees in the background .
a red two story bus driving along the street .
a jockey rides a horse at a gallop .
the udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building .
the black and brown cow is standing on the green grass .
one asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up .
the brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow .
a tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow .
the black and brown cow is looking at the camera .
two airplanes in the sky .
a plane in the sky .
a coal train traveling down the tracks .
an old train sits idle on the tracks .
world news headlines displayed on a large screen .
a man dressed for a race relaxes .
a bicycle in front of some ruins .
a pink bicycle is in front of a building .
a bus drives down a busy road .
a green bus drives down a road .
people riding horses in a fenced area .
the silver train is parked in a station .
two people sitting on a large motorcycle .
several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another .
three televisions , on on the floor , the other two on a box .
the small dog protects its owner .
children looking a sheep .
child milking a cow outside .
a black-and-white photo of a loveseat .
the back of a sign with stickers on .
living room or den with large screen television .
living room with tan furniture and flat screen television .
two women sitting in lawn chairs .
the back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background .
a das air cargo plane sits on the runway .
a passenger plane parked on a runway .
a motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape .
a motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening .
two white dogs are swimming in the water .
a backpack standing beside a train .
a social gathering of people in a restaurant .
a group of peoples posing in fur hats .
a group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on .
black domestic cat lying on brown table .
four children looking at barn animals .
a black and white cat playing with a wool basket .
a man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .
a woman equestrian riding a horse .
young baby girl sitting on table .
a woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table .
two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure .
two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed , fur-covered dome .
a group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen .
a group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse .
a man jumping his dirt bike .
a man on a bike jumping through the air .
a black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes .
a bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background .
black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up .
a long-haired man with a hat standing between two large , half-empty coke bottles .
a man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles .
an aeromexico jet taxing along a runway .
a red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow .
domestic cat looking out window .
a white cat looking out of a window .
a person walks a dog along the water 's edge .
a woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk .
a women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk .
a white bird flying up onto a tree .
a white cat laying on a sheet .
a woman at the dining table with wine , beer , and lemons .
a laptop computer and a computer monitor .
a laptop and a pc at a workstation .
a white cat laying on an office chair .
a small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach .
a small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant .
a man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him .
left side of a silver train engine .
blue couch and twin bed in a living room .
a leather couch and wooden table in a living room .
a white bicycle stands on a floor .
old style bicycle parked on floor .
a bird eating from a bird feeder .
a yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
dark colored dog standing in grassy field .
a grey dog standing in a grassy field .
a young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet .
a woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her .
a man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him .
a grey house with a red door .
house with a red door .
depressed woman sitting on couch .
older woman holding newborn baby .
an elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle .
the boats are on the water located in front of the mountain .
a young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a " going places " bus .
tthe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus .
a black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus .
a man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk .
the couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .
german shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
a dog jumps through a hoop .
a group of people standing in the street
a woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street .
a dog runs on brown grass .
a wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .
kids playing ball in the park .
a man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road .
a man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
a black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
a woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .
a woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand .
a man who is resting his head on his hand .
a black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
a dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
a man and a woman on a bench .
a man and woman sit on a park bench .
the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet .
a brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .
two dogs standing in the snow .
the girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier .
the girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
a group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
a group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats .
a black dog is running after a white dog in the snow .
black dog chasing brown dog through snow
a small white dog running across a lawn .
a small white dog running
the white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
the big white dog is running in the grass .
black and white dog running through water .
two dogs running in the snow
a dog laying in the snow .
a golden dog is running through the snow .
a pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .
a skateboarder on a city street .
a skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
a girl bounces in a bounce house .
a girl dances like a man in costume
a brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
two people are walking by the ocean .
two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera .
two little girls in pink are dancing .
two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
a woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
a man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed .
two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
a woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .
a woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
a girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
a group of people are at a convention waving american flags .
a crowd of people at an outdoor event
a boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
a skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
a skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .
a woman and a man are amused by headphones .
a man and a woman resting after exercise .
two girls walking in the ocean .
two girls walking in the street
boat sails in rough water .
a man is kayaking in rough waters .
three dogs are playing in the white snow .
a man in red swim trunks playing volleyball .
a man and woman sitting on a motorcycle .
two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
two children lying in the snow making snow angels
a black dog running through the snow .
a black dog runs through the water .
the man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
a man is lifting a little girl above his head .
a man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
a man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city .
two dogs in the snow
the boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball .
the black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
a group of people are in the water .
two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .
two dogs running down a path in the woods .
a black dog lays in the sand .
kids play in the water
a man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
two dogs are playing on the beach together .
two black dogs are playing in a grass .
two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
lady in a pink tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
a man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .
two dogs running along dirt path .
a woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture .
a man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .
a busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
a tan and white dog runs through water .
three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .
three women in brightly colored dresses .
a dog and a red ball in the air .
a dog digs a hole in a yard .
group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
a man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress .
a woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .
a brown and white dog with a pink frisbee in it 's mouth is humping over a man 's back .
a dog with a frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
a dog and cat laying down together .
two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .
a family is playing on the beach with their dog .
a naked little girl being thrown into the air .
a dog runs through the long grass .
a dog lays down in the long green grass .
a group of people are camping out on some rocks .
a group of people are standing beside a fire truck .
three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .
three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .
a group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
a crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .
a bunch of people standing next to a car with it 's trunk open .
a japanese swordsman jumps into the air .
a woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
a man wearing us flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
a woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
a group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .
a man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
the black and brown dog is playing in the yard .
the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
a boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
a little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
a person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .
a person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .
this dog is jumping through the water .
two dogs running through the water on a beach .
two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .
two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car .
a hockey player looks intently downward .
a hockey player during a game .
a dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
a four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
a black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .
a black and white dog playing in the sand .
a group of men walk and hang onto ropes .
a group of men play a college football game .
a black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .
a man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
a man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean .
a spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
a man is skating down a set of stairs .
the man is skiing down a snowy hill .
a lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .
a dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .
a skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
a woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
the dogs are playing in the snow .
two dogs playing on the shore .
a young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .
a dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .
two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .
a brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
a skateboarder jumps off the stairs .
a dog jumps off the stairs .
two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
a woman runs on the beach .
a dog runs across the land .
a golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth .
a black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .
a white dog is playing with a ball on the beach .
a black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .
woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
our current vehicles will be in museums when everyone has their own aircraft .
the car needs to some work
a woman supervisor is instructing the male workers .
a woman is working as a nurse .
the sky has very little to no clouds .
this lady might be ready for rock climbing , or just watching the clouds , above .
the young boy jumps barefoot outside in the front yard .
the teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard .
some cyclists stop near a sign .
two men stop to talk near a sign outside .
these cooks in the white are busy in the kitchen making dinner for their customers .
the women are preparing dinner in their kitchen .
a man is carrying a canoe with a dog .
a dog is carrying a man in a canoe .
a woman watches a rap group live
an audience watches a girl dance .
a girl dancing on a sandy beach .
a girl is on a sandy beach .
the woman is drinking lemonade and watching t.v .
the man is sitting drinking coffee .
the young adult are cold
asian children are playing with a dog .
a sad man is jumping over a small stream to meet his companion on the other side .
a man is jumping over a stream to meet his companion on the other side .
a clown performs for brother and sister as the rest of the party watches .
a blond-haired child performing on the trumpet in front of a house while his younger brother watches .
four girls happily walk down a sidewalk .
three young girls walk down a sidewalk .
a group of navy seals are singing
a group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet .
a man playing the violin in the rain .
a man playing the guitar in the rain .
the people are leaving the airplane .
the people are entering the plane .
the tan dog is playing with the red dog out in the snow
a yellow dog is playing in the snow .
a girl with vases in the background inside her house
the girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting .
a person sitting in an office takes a picture .
a woman is sitting in an office .
people rock jumping into water while people fish in the background .
two people watching the water .
an old man wearing a hat stands outside a shop door .
a man in an oversized shirt sits at a shop
the carriage is drawn by a horse .
a man riding on a bicycle by side of building .
a woman looks at a duck as she walks behind it .
a woman is going on a walk with her dog .
man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs .
a man is sitting on one of two red benches and staring into a kiosk .
a small blond boy slides head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth .
a young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide
the four women are practicing for a upcoming match .
the women are in a play
there is a young girl .
there is a young boy with the woman .
two kids are playing a game of foosball .
the kids are playing a game with each other .
a man has his skis ready for the field to get iced out
a man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught .
a musician is smearing jam on his white guitar at a concert .
trombonist playing the her instrument in a band for a parade .
a pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast .
two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people .
a group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd .
a group of men playing soccer in a stadium full of people .
a woman walking down the side of a highway .
a man is standing on one feet on a bridge .
a man calling for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day .
a man is outside on a july day .
a young boy has a red fishing pole .
a young boy stands over a bridge with a fishing pole .
a player bounces a ball .
a player catching a ball .
men competing in a contest .
two women compete in a contest .
the puppy is outdoor .
a man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach .
a young girl in a pink jacket is playing a board game .
a boy in a jacket playing .
a smiling caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it about to take a photograph .
a man in a white shirt and black pants is smiling .
a person is scaling a rock wall .
a person and a horse are above a fence .
two men are playing a game of scrabble together .
the two women are playing a game .
the girl is very skilled and practices a lot .
the man is very skilled .
many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race .
two men in business dress are standing by the side of a road .
four people walk toward a tower
two men walk toward a dome-shaped building .
a little girl and boy are reading books .
an older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window .
the child would like to swim .
the children want to swim .
men are fighting after a basketball game .
the men are playing a game of basketball .
people are sitting around dimly lit tables while smiling and laughing .
people are sitting on benches .
three men are drying to pull a subaru out of a ditch along a mountain road .
two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road .
a woman doesn 't have her arms up because she 's paralyzed from the neck down
a woman is sitting on the steps because she tripped and hurt her ankle .
five kids are standing in front of a tent .
people are out sitting in front of a garden .
female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer .
a girl in a blue dress and another girl in a purple dress , both smiling .
baseball players playing a game at the park .
a basketball player , playing in the home coming game .
they are preparing for a performance at school .
two medical professionals in green look on at something .
some smiling children are standing in front of an ocean sunset .
people walking in the dark .
two fishermen try to untangle their large fishing net on the side of the road on a cloudy day .
several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach .
the woman had brown hair .
the woman has gray hair .
black and white image of a wave crashing in the ocean .
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
a boy does a skateboard trick on the stairs downtown .
a boy is running on the sidewalk
two women are lost and calling for help .
two asian men are gathering materials for their business and their child had to come with them .
a man is throwing a penny into a fountain .
a little boy is throwing a man in water .
two girls are playing doctor inside their house .
the two girls are walking with their father .
a crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race .
several men running down a grass field wearing numbers on the front of their shirts .
the fruits should be eaten with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in your stomach .
three dogs growling on one another
spectators taking pictures of a rally car .
a crowd of people watching cars race down the track .
the boy in the green jersey plays goalie on the soccer team .
the team in blue is playing a game against the team in white
friends walk into a building
a man walks along walkway to the store
the rollerblades are moving .
two vehicles are going towards the camera .
there is a older man near a window .
a boy is near some stairs .
a guy and a girl are rock climbing with backpacks on .
two boys are riding on a toy with a blonde girl running long side of them .
in abu dhabi the golden market is one of the premier public outdoor shopping areas .
a busy city square in an asian country .
a pregnant woman is in labor
a woman has a child .
the religious people are enjoying the outdoors .
the group of people are enjoying the outdoors .
a girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap .
a girl in water , with goggles and swimming cap .
a man is performing a stunt outdoors .
a young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts .
there was girl stranded on the roof .
the couple was on the bed .
there are four snowboarders going off a jump and that are in the air .
two racers are coming to a turn .
a basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night ,
a tennis player in the middle of a game .
a helicopter is getting ready to take off .
the plane is getting ready to take off .
a man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees .
a boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors .
three guys in speedos have their feet up on the railing of a boat getting a tan .
a few men on the deck are dropping another man into the water
a group wading across a witch
a group wading across a ditch
a man is on a rooftop
a man is holding a microphone in a room .
there are two men near a wall .
three women are sitting near a wall .
the woman is holding the hands of the man .
the woman is checking the eyes of the man .
the child is the woman 's kid .
there is a boy and a girl .
a soccer player is kicking the ball .
the soccer player gave the ball a high kick .
two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach .
man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them .
the player shoots the winning points .
the basketball player is about to score points for his team .
a motorcross driver going by during a race
a race car driver performs in the race of his life .
the gate is blue .
the gate is yellow .
a dog walks along a beach with breaking waves .
a boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
a pair of men walk along the beach .
two men standing in the surf on a beach .
blond woman in a tunnel .
the couple kissing is near a blond woman .
the raven droned as is hopped along the grass .
the skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field .
the man is catching a ball
a man is kicking a ball .
two men are sitting in the room .
two men are standing in a room .
the woman is waiting for her date .
the woman is on her way to a date .
you 'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed .
if you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it .
i am not aware of any university run participant pools .
at the universities i 've worked in north america , human-subject studies ( esp .
apart from admission ( which normally should not be related to age ) , there is something that 's related to your question .
age is not a phd admission facor in the continental europe , too .
this post refers to research in the stem fields , and may not be applicable to other research topics .
this is about my experience in computer engineering i found that reading for breadth was the more important approach .
if you don 't want to pay for adobe acrobat pro , as @ schultem mentions , latex can do this with embedded hyperlinks .
if you don 't mind hosting your files online , slideshare is a good solution .
i don 't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically .
you 're going to find answers all over the map for this one ( i.e. , there probably aren 't " standards " ) .
my answer would be depending on which gre are you referring to ?
the problem i see with the gres is that the scoring range is highly compressed .
if you have access to it , you can very easily do that with thomson reuters ’ web of science portal .
you can have a look at the arxiv cultoromics website at http : / / arxiv.culturomics.org , which however searches in articles on the arxiv .
in general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster .
for completeness , apple 's pages has quite a few nice poster layouts .
it is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give .
you can always ask , then it is the choice of the author to accept or not .
the academic year does start around september in the usa and i think most european countries .
i would not accelerate things , to avoid getting worse grades that you want .
i will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for a !
you could defer admission , but it 's a little unusual to defer for a year .
edit , again : the question seems to have changed , yet again .
i can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination .
i agree with seteropere completely , " network science " is a very broad subject .
i would say you are approaching it in the wrong way .
supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner ( rather than privately or discreetly ) is a personality problem .
i think for an appropriate answer i 'd need to know exactly what the ' bad ' ideology is .
this does not fully answer your question , but it is certainly one consideration .
i am a phd student in computational science , which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics , computer science , and engineerning .
a few possible problems : 1 ) such an id system seems a little intrusive .
in mathematics , we already have a database of this sort - two them , in fact , with in mathscinet and zentralblatt math .
as an complement to the other answers , let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking .
the other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense .
stars are rotating , but that 's not the cause for their stability .
stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from .
the short answer is : we are made from the " stuff " contributed by many stars .
it is highly unlikely that we 're made out of stuff from only one star .
all we know is this : distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us .
the expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other .
like chris said above , stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum .
according to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around february 2nd .
the aavso data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked , at around 10.5 ( visual ) .
all of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle .
i will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares .
we are moving " ... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km / s towards the constellation leo " .
there is no ' still ' that is not relative to some other object .
yes , it 's true that the apparent size of the moon is 30 arcmin .
when you gaze at the moon " live " , you are not seeing a still image .
let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of m13 .
globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems .
why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m / s , and not ( for instance ) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10 ^ 44 m / s ?
speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our universe .
as per your definition , a star formed in a binary system ( hence near some gravitating body ) is a generalised planet .
the main flaw with your definition of a " generalised planet " would be the boundary between stars and planets .
a method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 dimensional trigonometry .
you only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation .
the farther away , the faster the galaxies move away from us .
here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website .
stars form in star-formation regions , which itself develop from molecular clouds .
it may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy .
a black hole ( briefly ) , is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses .
i think you mean to ask , " what is the local sidereal time of greenwhich ? " .
yes , but it does not stay in the same constellation .
constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky .
asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies .
the objects you are refering to are actually two different objects : asteroids and comets .
here is a lexical decision task i wrote years ago using php and javascript ( github link ) .
just for reference , i ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself .
it is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations , because emotion can contain both .
technically speaking , an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain , both involve neurotransmitters .
i 've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question : prototype theory .
according to current models of human concept learning , the answer to your question is both .
there are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometimes called eidetic memory .
there are many arguments for why this is not the case .
spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations , covariance and probabilities .
there 's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging , and the sophisticated version .
as mentioned in the other comments , anova is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables .
i like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching .
q : what is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme ( or not ) situations ?
one human-being reliance on other ( s ) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans .
intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity .
according to frederick herzberg 's two-factor theory of motivation , intrinsic rewards are motivators ( e.g .
presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors .
this short talk deals with issues of " cheating slightly " : dan ariely : our buggy moral code .
when studying adult iq , general adult norms are often used .
basically , what you do is you compare each age group iq to the standardization sample .
some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $ 10 $ , but also for $ 6 $ , so that 's mixed support from wikipedia on perfect numbers .
this is indeed possible , but i haven 't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility .
these are interesting studies , but the bottom line is : yes , environment affects cognitive abilities .
i 'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity , but i absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think .
since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers , i don 't know that there is a common consensus .
i 'll address just the first of your three sub-questions , the others have been answered by chuck sherrington .
if non-human animals do have intelligence too , why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans ?
your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory .
the hare psychopathy checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings .
from an article entitled can you call a 9-year-old a psychopath ?
i wrap steaks individually in freezer paper , then put them into ziploc freezer bags .
wrap well in plastic ( individually ) and then put in a freezer bag .
in addition to oil , make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking .
i 'd been using paper towels to oil the grill , and i just discovered that newspapers work a lot better .
the best way i have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling .
soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water .
there are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour .
the difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5 % to 15 % .
i 've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs .
i don 't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing ...
i just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater .
by the wording of the question , i 'm pretty sure you 're using one of those pyramidal graters or a " sheet " grater .
i 've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn .
its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer .
break the bulb into cloves , breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle .
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it .
i managed to find this recipe , i think this is where i got the idea .
i 've only made a couple of bbq sauces , but they 've always come out really well .
i believe one cannot taste the difference between minced ( canned ) and fresh garlic once it is cooked .
in my experience , fresh garlic is great for when you want texture , or to slow down the flavour infusion .
i grill salmon that i get with the skin on .
salmon is a great choice and it 's readily available pretty much everywhere .
the recipe i work from has you put the meat in the freezer , then pan sear it .
starting with a whole chilled piece of meat , i quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface .
they don 't taste identical at all , and even more important , they don 't smell the same .
black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the piper nigrum plant .
this depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased .
tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge , but i actually recommend against keeping them there .
coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need .
there are basically two types of cakes : butter and sponge ( or génoise ) .
a common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round .
white fish are , as a rule , more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish .
good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on / in it - could it be that ?
i have two suspicions : one , you 're undercooking your roux , the flour and butter mixture , and not fully incorporating the flour .
copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties ( heats quickly , distributes heat evenly , etc .
probably subjective , but ... good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper .
she obviously has a legit excuse , although she could have been more responsible and " have " told you in advance .
the first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence .
in some cases the implication could even be that tom does not love her .
there is no implication about tom whatsoever in such a sentence .
the assertion is false , at least as you 've restated it here .
" i had mainly been " is fine , in the context you 're using it .
i 'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language ( s ) of your students .
as bikeboy389 said , you can learn a lot by looking at students ' native languages .
i see some references to status as uncountable as well , but that doesn 't make much sense to me .
there are some cases " status " may be accounted of countable .
if i understand you correctly , you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion .
inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding .
firstly , you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes : the en dash and the em dash .
semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone , but are joined to emphasize their relationship .
in standard english , i think " don 't got " has the same register as " ain 't " .
i 'd say the expression i don 't got ... is generally rare in spoken ame .
the " more posh " words are usually latin ( occasionally greek ) in origin .
as shinto pointed out , vulgar words exist in every language .
i 'm american , and i 've never heard the bathroom referred to as st. john 's .
in situations like these , i tend to lengthen out the phrase .
the room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism .
i 'm english , and would probably use ' toilet ' most of the time , and always in the context of a private home .
i can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that .
the form insofar is american english ; the standard form in british and other english is ' in so far ' .
as others have said , " ten of six " , though not used in many english speaking areas , would be understood as 5 : 50 .
" ten of six " probably means 5 : 50 but i have not heard it before .
certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this " singular they " on various " logical " grounds .
second one ( for writing purpose ) , if i believe the " they / their ( singular ) " article .
this may be overly obvious , but in american english , saying " you 're welcome " is certainly polite and standard .
i 'm not sure how " not at all " sounds in response to " thank you " .
back in the day , " cable " was used to describe communications sent abroad .
the word " cable " has its origins in the days of the telegraph .
those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance .
i suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams .
in the united states , jails are operated by cities and counties ( or equivalent ) .
jail is a municipal level , prison is on a state / federal / provincial / territory level .
yes , your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash .
most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “ x and / or y ” , as well as “ this is hard / impossible to do ” .
if you understand yourself and your enemy , you will be far more likely to win any battle .
another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing / understanding others .
yes , you should stretch before running , but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching .
neuromuscular activation and dynamic stretching here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running .
i feel your pain - i absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise , even in cool conditions .
sweat rate is sweat rate , you can 't really control it .
running downhill is the best way to strengthen your quad muscles .
additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier , but in fact , is often harder than an uphill marathon .
i recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle ( recovery included ) .
low reps with high weights don 't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short .
rotate through square , lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn .
air squats , forward and side lunges , sprawl , wall chair , and lots and lots of jump rope .
if you 're doing a full body workout 6 days a week , you absolutely need the rest week .
there are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest .
i 've noticed a remarkable difference when i run on the treadmill vs when i run on the road .
a treadmill won 't prepare you for the impact of running for real .
google search for travel wods has whole lots of results which you can use .
as @ sarge says , this is for a doctor to diagnose properly .
since you 're being kind of vague here , i can only give you a vague answer .
in general , warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights .
first of all , as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks .
you can mix those , but in my experience , it will be very difficult at first .
properly executed weight training will increase , not decrease , your flexibility and mobility .
i 've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights .
i think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year .
i haven 't tried storing tomato seeds myself , but i have tried to store pepper seeds ( and they are closely related ) .
it is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly .
adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils .
there are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass .
i brought an ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees .
pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them .
i live in delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers .
thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled .
i 've got the same problem , where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens .
support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches .
some support won 't hurt , especially if it is a large fruited variety .
to paraphrase a common saying , " one man 's weed is another man 's lawn " .
first , let me say i 've no experience doing battle with bermuda grass .
just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight .
we have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots .
chances are picking the seeds once it 's gone to seed isn 't going to actually encourage new growth .
the longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better ( imho ) .
so you know , i do not have personal experience with this .
since you 've already accepted a nicely sourced answer , i 'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition ( i.e .
in the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in north texas .
additional to the other answers , basil famously doesn 't like to be damp overnight .
there is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here .
it is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots .
i found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are .
i reccomend " monkey grass " because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice !
simple answer is yes , flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting .
it appears as though it has likely started to bolt .
dirt can mean pretty much anything , from good to poor quality soil .
use coco peat - it 's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is eco-friendly .
if you can get over the " ick factor , " you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand .
the npk numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent , by weight , of nitrogen , p2o5 and k2o , respectively .
the point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter .
your pile will compost without turning it , but it goes faster if you turn it .
i bought a book , which talks about this , so here 's an answer to my own question .
well i wouldn 't risk it , not in a cold compost system .
aloes , like most succulents , are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .
some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants .
this looks a lot like an invitation to a no true scottsman argument .
i concur with @ t.e.d ; the question is a " no true scotsman " bar bet .
some villages had histories and thus names going back to ancient roman times .
many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family , the owners of the village .
the usa is the world 's strongest country because of its military force .
the united states is one of the five largest countries in the world by area .
nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons .
the ussr growth rate during the 50 's was not exceptionally high .
while queen may refer to both queen regent ( sovereign ) or queen consort , the king has always been the sovereign .
there is a very good reason not to refer to the queen 's spouse as " king " - because they aren 't the king .
to no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous .
they had a treaty beginning in 1941 , after a few skirmishes along the area in question .
" what i am really looking for is an estimation of the muslim population ... " @ thanosk and @ t.e.d. , an overall , general population estimation f.e .
the following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the new penguin atlas of medieval history .
in hinduism and buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic .
this relates to the " discovery " of asian , and other non-european cultures by americans .
i guess those are greek tickets ( εισιτηριον ) for excavation sites or museums .
that is indeed greek looks like a ticket to a museum or field .
these are tickets to the archaeological sites of epidaurus ( which includes the still in use theatre ) and mycenae .
looks like you 've rediscovered jaspers 's concept of the axial age .
there was no influence from china to the culture of greece .
yes , i can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle .
it is true that bombs in world war ii would make a whistling sound as they fell .
by the time that qin had totally collapsed , xiang yu was china 's hegemon .
the han dynasty came after the qin dyansty , after the government under shi huang di collapsed .
there were indeed some serious issues surrounding kennedy 's election in 1960 , one of the closest elections in history .
as per your original question : the wikipedia section does not claim that joseph p kennedy bought john f kennedy 's victory .
" the grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on earth .
as noted on the wiki page , grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock .
http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / history _ of _ delhi # early _ history shows that the city was called delhi ( or dilli ) at least since the 12 / 13th century .
i am not exactly sure but i remember the media ( in india ) addressing delhi as " hasthina " .
dominus , plural domini , in ancient rome , “ master , ” or “ owner , ” particularly of slaves .
a greek-speaking slave ( δούλος , doulos ) i think would call his master κύριος ( translit : kurios ; lord , master , sir ; vocative form : κύριε ) .
the bulk of india then was not controlled by porus , but by the nanda dynasty , centered at pataliputra .
i believe alexander lost heart after his horse , bucephelus , died from a wound received in the battle against porus .
yes , this is true and yes , in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals , as @ mgn already said .
indefinite articles developed from numerals , and the definite articles developed from demonstratives .
preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things .
in fact , you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don 't care about preserving meaning .
in some nowadays indo-european languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems .
modern englishes , and many other well-known languages , use base 10 ( ie decimal ) systems of numerals .
the difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest .
it depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues .
in english , certainly the most common use of do is do-support .
in traditional grammar , the word doing is a participle in all your examples .
a caveat : i 'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine .
i agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing .
the reason for this is that russian is a much more tonal language than english .
although i am quite fluent in russian , i wouldn 't say english sound particularly ' cold ' to me .
palatalisation of / k / before front vowels happens all over the place : russian , greek , turkish , persian etc .
sinhala , one of the languages spoken in sri lanka has a four way deixis system .
all the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages .
one idea that 's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between holds and moves .
newspeak , a " deliberately impoverished " language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas .
every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed .
in russian , for example , animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate / inanimate .
as in russian , polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines .
as you can see from this map on the wals.info site , there are many .
this is an example i always find is helpful for first year .
zipf ’ s law , as i understand it , is not really about languages , but about statistics and probability .
as with all natural laws , zipf 's law is an approximation .
a part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious .
" phoneme " is a theoretical construct which probably can 't go away .
if you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment , the best book is to start with is fromkin , introduction to language .
this is what they recommend at oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a masters ' in linguistics .
from what i 'm seeing it 's generally accepted that most english speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words .
according to a statistical estimation i know roughly 7000 words in english .
a tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open , but not much .
no , a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what 's inside .
a few points to add here : coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans .
in general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans .
nylon dries fast , is resistant to ripping and tearing , and fairly breathable .
nylon , among other synthetics , is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons .
gps ( wikipedia ) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide .
gps systems can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellites .
different parts of california have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region .
american black bears they are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of california , mostly in the mountains .
so it 's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis .
skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly .
in a gym , the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar .
alright , there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address .
i visit az every summer and include some hikes in the desert when i 'm there .
apart from what has been said , your need of water also depends on what you eat .
a wonderful woman i know has the habenera bag by rei ( link ) .
if you can settle on purple nunatak and feather friends have good sleeping bags in those colors .
an embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream .
here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries .
as i wrote above , it 's hard to rate this wall .
unlike others , i think the route is pretty well described .
once you open it up to toxins , the answer is clearly no , boiling is not enough .
boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill .
you can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website .
if you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying .
the above advice is quite good , just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country .
oh friend , i have been down this miserable road just like you .
yes , it is accepted practice to wash new semi-static rope ( or single rope technique / srt rope as it is known by cavers ) .
you are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised .
i would say it 's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue .
he is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable .
you can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while .
i would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn 't require a yes or no answer .
would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn 't shouting and / or misbehaving ?
yes , twins can develop their own language , but it 's not a given .
here 's what i saw with my fraternal twins : while learning to speak , all children develop some of their own dialect .
whatever you do , don 't bite him back to show him that it hurts .
we always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth , therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you .
a rule of thumb that i 've heard is " for small children , big dogs " .
any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous .
i know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development .
baby talk , when used correctly is beneficial to speech development .
a possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward ( s ) for chores .
many children , instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control .
the point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding .
i 've found with my baby that it 's more accurate to go by his behavior than by " rules " .
you should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional .
it is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher .
you will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty .
the topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world .
although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy , some types might contain listeria , which can cause serious problems .
as was mentioned , the problem with cheese is the potential for listeria .
both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year , and there were no problems .
yours looks like the one we used for my kids ( same brand and everything ) .
i have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that ?
we used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids .
i 'm facing a similar situation ; being danish and living in ( german-speaking ) austria .
an alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to hindi in daycare .
my son didn 't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday .
here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years .
show her how much fun splashing is - that 's what we did , and made a game of it .
you can put her toys near her or give he toys to her .
our daughter has always loved her bath , but coming out ... not so much .
my wife and i originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over .
playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point .
i have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4 .
most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food , as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction .
eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them .
most of the literature i can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits , not eating habits .
in my experience , babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry .
here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year .
i understand that the first 3 days are the most important , so much so it is vital you do it then .
it is possible , but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank .
we tried putting a male betta in a community tank once .
turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths .
first , the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food , not friends .
given that the amount of shedding is normal , i don 't think there 's anything you can do to lessen it .
to reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush .
my experience with danios has that they always have been " bossy " fish .
breed zebra danios are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .
i have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons .
i think keltari has some good ideas .... a cat can change its " taste " in litter material .
cats ( and all animals in general ) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness .
they don 't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house .
it does sound like your cat is upset about something , and trying to communicate it to you .
something is bothering your cat and he does not like it .
i have noticed most cats don 't lick people a great deal .
cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things .
how could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death .
in my 200 l fresh water tank , which is an aggressive tank , fish occasionally get harassed to death .
first , double-check the dog 's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive .
first , you should realize that this is not you or your dog 's problem .
the appropriate ph level of the water does vary a bit by fish , but too acidic can definitely kill them .
the info you 've been given in the previous answers is good .
my guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you 're feeding him .
some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom .
cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it .
i started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question ...
try switching to rats ; weanling rats if you need something smaller .
as mentioned in previous answers , rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice .
you should take this animal to a vet right away .
as covered in the other answers , your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done .
the main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva .
allergies to animals , particularly furry ones , can be across the board rather than species specific .
there are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight .
john cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer .
stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience .
you 'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly .
the best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime .
a trick i did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night .
i don 't have direct experience with bettas , but i 've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male / female combination .
bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight .
we always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine .
we had a cat that required daily medication , and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill .
the biggest reason i can think of is that you 're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat .
cats don 't usually like to have their paws held , touched , or anything like that .
supposedly danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 danios in your tank .
clean the urinated zone with vinegar ( i used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten ) .
others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area .
aristotle didn 't put the world at the center of the universe per se .
why did aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe ?
i don 't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers .
i am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology .
well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind .
the difference is huge , as not all non-physical things exist in minds .
people who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers .
my motivation is that i like to look at things from their roots and go up .
the difference between " necessary " and " sufficient " is the direction of the logical arrow .
sufficient is an upper bound , necessary is a lower bound .
i have no idea why it is voted up , but rex kerr 's answer begs the question .
it 's a tautology , but the mapping between logic and the english-language description is wrong .
it 's true that , under one understanding of " accessibility " and " determining " , your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms .
accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you 're working within .
i once met a physicists who held the strong ai position .
although i believe searle is mistaken , i don 't think you have found the problem .
if a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system .
should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system ?
the question is ( from hinduism ) ; do you exist because of pregnancy ?
the least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and ' knowledge ' to learn .
i think that for an understanding wittgenstein 's " solution " , you must take in account the original ( historical ) context .
wittgenstein is alluding to how russell himself solved the paradox - the theory of ramified types .
forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called " complex " or " imaginary " numbers .
as others have already mentioned , numbers are of course abstractions .
the question of time is an incredibly difficult one , which has been treated of philosophers from aristotle to heidegger .
wikipedia , as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium , is not necessarily a definitive account of anything .
not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims .
i don 't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions .
as i understand it , nothing that can be changed , or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real .
our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception .
i can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of .
it is the same idea as what aristotle called the unmoved mover .
when i needed a travel tripod , i also opted for a trekpod .
an alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the trekpod .
fast picture viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $ 9.99 and it appears to cover them all .
fast picture viewer is $ 9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit windows 7 ( i 'm using it myself ) .
there are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from canon and olympus .
there are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters , such as some of the olympus tough models .
apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance .
the wider your aperture , the smaller your focal depth will be .
when printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon ( i.e .
it refers to the maximum f-stop ( which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter ) .
you need to be embedding a color profile in you image , as also using a browser that supports color management .
in my experience , when the final production will be in srgb , use that color profile from start to finish .
i have a few nikon lenses , and a sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots .
if your interest is primarily the optics , you need to look at individual lenses , not brands as a whole .
i have found there is no single best way to increase size .
there are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web .
i 've used paint shop pro and dxo optics pro on windows .
in linux i use bibble , which is has some warts but which is the only serious option afaict .
a class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for hd ( 1080 ) video for the 550d ( 48 mbit ) .
some cards are too slow to accept an hd stream , so you need one that is fast enough .
here are many samples : pbase.com out of the 16k photos there , i 'm sure some are with a d700 .
it 's a 1 : 1 lens , so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor .
same here , i 've the 50mm f / 1.4 , and as my fastest lens i couldn 't live without it for concerts and low-light photography .
i have the 18-55 , 50 / 1.8 and 50 / 1.4 as well as the 20d - superseded by a 50d .
i use elinchrom skyports , but if money is not an issue then go for pocketwizards .
or just go with the ultra-cheap yongnuo rf-602 , which give you a lot of bang for the buck .
the short answer is that yes , you can do this .
speaking from my own experience , i would rather carry different nd filters that combine two polarisers .
the terminology is usually called " destructive vs non destructive " editing .
lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and / or appending the data in a way that could be reversed .
for what it 's worth , dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think .
regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease , as it not only dissolves it but also binds it .
large-format cameras are very much worth buying used ; they 're often extremely well-cared-for , if not coddled .
if i had to pick , linhof would be my choice .
anil , there certainly is a difference in results , mainly in image quality .
if you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with .
freezing motion generally requires one , maybe two things : fast shutter speed , and flash at the right time .
in addition to @ pearsonartphoto 's answer , you can use flash ( either the built-in or better yet , an extarnal ) to freeze the motion .
public employees can unionize because the law allows them to .
the legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described .
the u.s. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order .
there are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the us .
leaving aside heath care angle , you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn 't save lives .
healthcare they would probably reject your implied claim that obama 's healthcare law will save lives .
in a " first-past-the-post " system , it is difficult to sustain more than two parties .
while the ' first-past-the-post system favours two parties , it certainly doesn 't guarantee the marginalization of third parties .
the part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics .
side note first : i don 't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions .
let me share my opinion as ukrainian citizen , from kharkiv , eastern ukraine .
i am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems .
most people want not only to be well off , but to become better off as time goes by .
to start , the main drivers of economic growth are resources , technology , and institutions .
i 'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official polisci name .
there are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question , which explain the seeming contradiction .
no , nothing in the patient protection and affordable care act grants the president transitional authority .
there is always " transitional authority " by virtue of the writing of regulations .
russian federal law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued .
the last round of presidential elections in russia was held on march 4th , 2012 and december 4th , 2011 for the duma .
this question has already been widely discussed and answered on skeptics .
minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled , least productive the most .
according to shia muslims specially iran state and hezbollah a country called israel does not exist .
as with the definition of palestine , the definition of israel varies depending on whom you ask .
because there are more effective ways for her majesty to change or veto laws .
they do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen 's will .
absolute majority always defined by the institution , or the context .
in countries like india , when you have 2 / 3 of the seats of all parliament , you have absolute majority .
professor burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages .
the university constituencies are modelled on the university constituencies in use in britain in 1922 when ireland became independent .
this is still a representational form of gov 't , but with a unique twist .
before you want to start the study of a subject , figure out what you want to achieve .
as eugene suggests , try to figure out what you want to achieve .
eclipse below are list of eclipse shortcuts which i use almost everyday .
to train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts , unplug your mouse for a few days .
as others have mentioned , the irobot roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work .
i 've been happy with the irobot roomba for floor cleaning .
the important thing i try to remember is just to pay attention .
i have been reading on this topic since i have asked this question .
i think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this .
one general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others .
a quick research ( 1 , 2 ) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion .
the issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning .
here 's a technique i 've developed without being aware of it : multiple browsers .
i agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution .
i have a standing / sitting desk at work and really like it .
as mentioned by other responders , it turns out that using a standing desk isn 't necessarily a perfect solution .
even though the question has been answered i would like to add my answer .
i don 't know if i should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight .
i 'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation .
to stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption .
there is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this .
i think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period .
definitely plan a month ahead - it 's totally ok for your plans to change - just amend them as they do .
the user needs to evaluate for his / herself the cost / benefit of an " obvious " efficiency tool , such as macros .
instead of trying to force specific answers or method 's on them .
i like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job .
buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area .
i 'd start by reading david allen 's book : getting things done .
i 'm considering spending the $ 48 per month on the gtd ( getting things done ) system advertised by david allen .
the best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise ( min .
what works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks .
i disagree with josh bruce on some of his tips .
research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb .
currently i 've got a fairly close to purely digital gtd setup , although this could do with some refinements and tweaks .
my gtd system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here .
feel the fear ... and do it anyway the book recommends to feel the fear .
13 tips to face your fear and enjoy the ride seems interesting .
i 've recently bought two sit / stand galant tables from ikea and i 'm quite happy with them .
http : / / www.varidesk.com / there is also the hand-made / diy version for which you could obtain design templates for .
i would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule .
there 's also freakyalarm for ios , which makes you solve simple logic / math problems before the alarm will turn off .
some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10 % due to interruptions , stress and noise .
there 's an iphone app called groups which might be helpful .
experience : you must have noticed in you project / office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly .
i think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person .
there is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas .
the capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas ( e.g .
i disagree that the moniker “ most extensive ” should be applied to dorothy jones heydt ’ s language .
the most extensive vulcan language was made by fans in the 60 's , especially by linguist dorothy jones heydt .
i 'd be more inclined to believe that it 's some sort of ring world .
it is not hollow , it is round just as our world .
on the one hand , there ’ s nothing in canon to suggest that the time turners could go forwards in time .
time turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time .
i was invited in to pitch story ideas to ron moore at st : tng .
it 's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred .
first of all , let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell .
i always thought that harry seemed to learn from the half-blood prince better than he did from other sources .
i started watching the stargate series by watching atlantis first !
without delving into an in-depth analysis of atlantis and universe , i 'll try and be as succinct as possible .
i voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic .
allen steele 's book hex describes a dyson sphere , but made of hexagons , 1000 miles ( k ?
it was before the season began because amy saw the woman before the silence took her .
the exact timeline hasn 't been listed yet , but there are a few assumptions we can make .
we have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more .
our intrepid heroes also didn 't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit .
dick was an idea guy and a people guy , not a science guy .
most of philip k dick 's works aren 't hard sci-fi in the least .
first , we must consider that " sphere " is less hard sf and more soft sf , thriller , airport novel and such .
" fins " on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes : solar panels or thermal radiators .
according to canon , leia was an expert in combat , especially shooting ( this is from eu books ) .
in real-world combat , most fire is used to suppress the enemy , not kill them .
i don 't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation .
the short answer is that evolution couldn 't create gills in humans .
here is the 2006 cover release , choice b in your question is the 2006 version .
wikipedia 's compilation of time travel rules is a good resource to check about this subject .
sign language maybe , since there is no tone to convey meaning , emotion or intent .
it is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages .
remember , from the fleet 's point of view , the rest of the galaxy is what 's moving and experiencing time dilation .
well , it really depends on how long he was there , and the exact speed of the fleet .
this idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling .
the science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic .
yes , absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot , actually .
yes , the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area , otherwise it counts as being obstructed .
we only used fartlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun .
fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun !
if the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each .
this is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in super over is equal ...
women first appeared in the modern olympics in croquet at the 1900 olympics .
in 1900 , the second modern olympic games , 22 women competed in 5 events : tennis , sailing , croquet , equestrian , and golf .
it is hard to speak for a team , know what their strategy is going into a draft .
drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement .
to play golf , the first thing you need is a set of clubs .
having fairly recently taken up the sport myself , i feel your discomfort .
yes , dew ( wetness in the environment ) factor can change the direction of a match .
another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult .
reading your post , made me think of my younger years ! !
i 'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture .
there is no good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer .
there is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game .
basically , the rule is that you must play the ball , and not the man , until someone catches the ball .
it is fairly simple to understand , somewhat harder to referee .
at the highest level , a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly .
from personal experience i found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful .
i can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures .
there have been quite a few studies in football / soccer discussing home field advantage .
the movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling .
both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers .
actually , it 's much more easier to count the one not on the same continent .
that is also the recommended strategy for marathons , if you are going for time .
red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch .
i am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training .
no , there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award .
as per the rules , mom award is decide by the commentry pannel .
i can 't think of the specifics , but i seem to remember this scenario from many years ago .
the laws of cricket say that you can declare any innings , no matter what the agreed length is .
as per fifa 's " equipment regulations " , section 22 , only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap .
although headgear is allowed to be worn , it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper .
glad to hear you 've started playing hockey , its a great sport !
a general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating .
i prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first .
i would definitely go for a slightly slower first half .
it was random that she faced li na in the first round - not because she 's seeded / ranked # 127 .
this was too long for a comment , so i am posting it as a cw-answer .
for the most part you can apply at any us consulate .
generally you 're supposed to apply at the us consulate at your place of residence .
there is one airline , spirit airlines , which is trying to copy ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service .
there are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares .
i 'd suggest you find a bank in your local country , and consider opening a euro denominated bank account with them .
i am not sure if you can open a bank account in france if you are not a resident .
as i remember , in geneva at least , there are open air markets on a weekly basis .
this page list all the big christmas markets in switzerland .
my experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper .
when using a regular taxi make sure it 's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront .
i had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation .
i 'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at london heathrow .
a technical stop is for the benefit of the plane .
usually it 's a refuelling stop , and you just sit on the plane .
kyoto , at least does , as described here : jr kyoto station .
coin lockers are a feature of most stations in japan .
there 's a geek answer to this , and a practical answer to this .
it 's pretty ridiculous that i 've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times .
i visited peru in august , starting from lima and touring for three weeks .
cusco : high : 70f low : 40f this is just before the rainy season ( dec-mar ) and crowds are general less .
generally , almost wherever i go , i find it 's easiest to get money out of the atm .
there are plenty of atms and exchanges all around the city , especially in city center .
the most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in scotland : the west highland way .
look at this : http : / / www.capewrathtrail.co.uk / you could do it in stages .
the answer will depend significantly on what country you 're traveling to .
as someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication , i always declare it .
there are trains via knin , which means a large detour inland ( there just isn 't a coastal line ) .
as others have said if you want to get to split the best public transport offering is by bus .
would going on a cargo ship count as a tour ?
ozbus offer a 29 week tour of south america , starting and finishing in quito .
english works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness .
i traveled around maharashtra ( including mumbai ) and andhra pradesh and i had no problem getting by with just english .
i think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist .
i think it 's going to depend on what the reasons are .
there is nothing wrong with the phrase " simple sample service " .
the minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a " simple example service " .
i 've started my own tool since i didn 't like ywriter and storybook .
i 've tried many of the things mentioned above , but they never really worked for me .
for fiction , i have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and / or ebooks .
to answer your question , yes , i think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later .
david weber 's the war god 's own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well .
one thing that should be used as a seasoning in odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination .
you have to define the problem before attempting a solution .
whenever i start reading the same lines over and over again , i start skimming .
your worry is a valid one ; the reader could be frustrated by this .
i don 't believe not knowing a character 's name would be confusing unless you make it so .
no , you don 't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area .
i have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems .
one thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths , is they are extremely prevalent stories .
i noticed you said " movie critics " enjoy mythological references in a film , but do audiences ?
we just addressed this recently , and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets .
guillemets , as suggested by lauren ipsum , is a good option .
the villains i absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving , but they are also cowards .
a villain you want to take down is , at his / her core , someone who does not care about the suffering of others .
you can write the book in any way you choose , as long as it works for you .
sequence a only in writing ( sometimes you have to go back and revise ) option the not writer has is .
yes , dull dialog should be removed completely ( or transformed to interesting dialog ) .
i agree with lauren 's answer : you need highs and lows in any story .
the answer to your question is : it depends on how the writer works .
at first , i thought this is a bit of a tricky question .
webster 's new world rhyming dictionary : clement wood 's updated this is the rhyming dictionary i turn to first .
http : / / www.rhymezone.com / you just type in a word , then select one of the following .
keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing .
i think stephen king 's comments are helpful in this regard .
in these days of googling , it 's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation .
i agree with kate sherwood , you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking .
i have been doing a lot of my outlining / pre-writing work in workflowy .
am i allowed to beat the drum for scrivener again ?
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .
" it 's a huge black eye , " said publisher arthur ochs sulzberger jr . , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
" it 's a huge black eye , " arthur sulzberger , the newspaper 's publisher , said of the scandal .
rt jones analyst juli niemann said grant was " the one we were all pulling for .
he has a very good reputation , " rt jones analyst juli niemann said of grant .
a key question was whether france , which infuriated washington by leading the charge against u.n. authorization for the war , would vote " yes " or abstain .
mel gibson 's passion-stirring biblical epic " the passion of christ " will open in the united states on feb. 25 - ash wednesday on the roman catholic calendar .
mel gibson is negotiating with newmarket films to distribute his embattled biblical epic " the passion of christ " in the united states .
executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones .
executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires .
tom kasmer , a 14-year-old from belmont , n.c. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during yesterday 's competition .
the 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in belmont , n.c. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during competition wednesday .
the budget analysis comes as negotiations between the city council and the bloomberg administration heat up .
budget negotiations between the mayor and the city council are entering high gear .
shares of coke closed new york stock exchange trading thursday at $ 44.01 .
in morning trading on the new york stock exchange , coca-cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
the retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .
the decision came after " listening to our customers and associates , " melissa berryhill , a spokeswoman for wal-mart , said .
lord falconer hailed the changes as " a new beginning as far as the courts , crown prosecution service and police are concerned " .
" it 's a new beginning as far as the courts , crown prosecution service and police are concerned , making the criminal justice system work better . "
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
business week 's online edition reported on friday that worldcom and the sec could announce a settlement as early as monday .
businessweek online has learned that the settlement could come as early as monday , may 19 .
" i started crying and yelling at him , ' what do you mean , what are you saying , why did you lie to me ? ' "
gulping for air , i started crying and yelling at him , ' what do you mean ?
it was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .
for the third time in four years wildfires closed mesa verde national park , the country ’ s only park dedicated to ancient ruins .
gm , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active uaw workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .
they cover more than 300,000 uaw workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
north american markets finished mixed in directionless trading monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight .
north american markets grabbed early gains monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
the standard and poor 's 500-stock index , a broad collection of equities representing leading companies , finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998 .
" i know of no pressure , " said mr. feith , the under secretary of defense for policy .
" i know of nobody who pressured anybody , " douglas feith , undersecretary of defense for policy , said at a pentagon briefing .
" she was crying and scared , ' said isa yasin , the owner of the store .
" she was crying and she was really scared , " said yasin .
" frank quattrone is innocent , " keker said in a statement .
quattrone lawyer john w. keker said his client is innocent .
the dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the swiss franc , also flat .
the dollar was at 116.78 yen jpy = , virtually flat on the session , and at 1.2871 against the swiss franc chf = , down 0.1 percent .
germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to italy .
germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .
mr. bush had sought to store his papers in his father 's presidential library , where they would have stayed secret for a half-century .
in texas , public watchdog groups opposed mr. bush 's efforts to house his papers at his father 's presidential library , where they would have remained secret for a half-century .
this integrates with rational purifyplus and allows developers to work in supported versions of java , visual c # and visual basic .net .
ibm said the rational products were also integrated with rational purifyplus , which allows developers to work in java , visual c # and visualbasic .net .
freeman 's civil hearing may be , on the surface , about a driver 's license .
freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden .
protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader khamenei 's death .
the protesters denounced the country 's supreme leader , hard-liner ayatollah ali khamenei .
singapore is already the united states ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .
although a small city-state , singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the united states , with trade volume of $ 33.4 billion last year .
after 9 / 11 , connolly said , agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-bayoumi .
connolly said fbi agents in san diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-bayoumi .
pg & e corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $ 15.59 on the new york stock exchange on tuesday .
pg & e 's shares gained 24 cents to $ 15.44 during tuesday 's trading on the new york stock exchange .
he claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept .
" this proposal is modest compared with the space programme , and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it .
yes filed suit yesterday in the supreme court of new york county in manhattan .
the suit was filed in the supreme court of new york county .
deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002 , the agency says .
fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , nhtsa said .
the pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .
the british pound flexed its muscle against the dollar , last up 1 percent at $ 1.6672 .
the recording industry association of america says it plans to sue the song traders next month .
that is , if the recording industry association of america has anything to say about it .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
both papers are being published today in the new england journal of medicine .
the study appears today in the new england journal of medicine .
the who experts didn 't say how many cases in hebei were in rural areas .
hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths , though the who experts did not say how many were in rural areas .
" i do not wish to be present during this witness , " he told stanislaus county superior court judge al girolami .
" yes , i do not wish to be present during this witness , " peterson , 31 , calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell .
under the u.s. constitution , the other chamber of congress , the house of representatives , does not vote on foreign alliances .
the u.s. house of representatives , the other chamber of congress , does not vote on treaties .
the securities and exchange commission has also initiated an informal probe of coke .
that federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the securities and exchange commission .
lee janzen , who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .
lee janzen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with bob crane ( 67 ) at 269 .
tenet has been under scrutiny since november , when former chief executive jeffrey barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest medicare patients .
in november , jeffrey brabakow , the chief executive at the time , said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest medicare patients .
dotson was arrested monday in his native maryland and charged with murder .
dotson , 21 , was subsequently charged with dennehy 's murder .
" they 've been in the stores for over six weeks , " says carney .
the quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks , " carney added .
the world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .
the world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them .
but price declines have remained below 30 percent , year over year , for the last two quarters , said idc analyst john mcarthur .
mcarthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters .
putin hailed saudi arabia as ``one of the most important muslim nations .
before the meeting , putin said russia regards saudi arabia as a key muslim state .
he was arrested tuesday night at a northwest atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt .
he was arrested in atlanta , georgia , on monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
the effort is the bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services .
july 10 - the bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs .
the shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares turner held at the end of april , according to bloomberg data .
the sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares mr turner held at the end of april .
sirius carries national public radio , although it doesn 't include popular shows such as " all things considered " and " morning edition . "
sirius recently began carrying national public radio , a deal pooh-poohed by xm because it doesn 't include popular shows like all things considered and morning edition .
mahmud controlled access to saddam for everyone but immediate family members , pentagon officials said .
mahmud controlled access to saddam and was frequently at his side .
according to the 2000 census , long beach 's hispanic or latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .
actor noah wyle , who has played dr. john carter since the shows inception in 1994 , extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season .
noah wyle , who has played dr. john carter since the series launched in 1994 , has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer warner bros. tv .
the who says the latest case does not fit its profile of sars and is not a public health concern .
the who has said the singapore case did not fit its profile of sars and was " not an international public health concern . "
it got up on his personal radar screen this past week , i 've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive , " he said .
" it got up on his personal radar screen in the past week , and i had to get my pitch .
a former candidate for governor of new york , he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
mr. mccall , who ran unsuccessfully for governor of new york in 2002 , styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
yeager said the suspect in the target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated , but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr lost 16 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
" if that ain 't a democrat , i must be at the wrong meeting , " he said .
and if that ain 't a democrat , then i must be in the wrong meeting , " he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
" it 's a major victory for maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .
the maine program could be a model for other states .
the embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by september 2006 .
the bombardier and embraer aircraft will be delivered to u.s. airways by september 2006 .
" i can say i am being forced into exile by the world superpower , " he said .
" i am being forced into exile by the world 's superpower , " taylor said in an address videotaped at his home .
investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of campbell 's personal and financial affairs , campbell has acknowledged .
investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of campbell 's personal and financial affairs , the former mayor has said .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
neither iowa state athletic director bruce van de velde nor morgan could be reached for comment .
iowa state athletic director bruce van de velde would not confirm an offer was made to lebo .
the male eagle was found by a zookeeper early thursday , suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen .
the 21-year-old eagle , found by a zookeeper early thursday , had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back , spokeswoman julie mason said .
agnew said pinellas began baiting when rabies cases " went from zero to 30 " in 1995 .
still , pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997 , agnew said .
marc garber , whitley 's attorney , had a different view .
whitley 's attorney , marc garber , called the ruling " a huge victory . "
just five months ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any democrat who didnt .
just five months ago , dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any democrat who didnt .
artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows .
the artists say the plan will harm french culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work .
at his request , he will be reassigned within the district .
district superintendent j. chester floyd told reporters monday that mccrackin will be reassigned within the district .
a federal appeals court ruled tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of sept . 11 , 2001 .
a federal appeals court ruled tuesday that the u.s. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the september 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .
the time was about 4 a.m. on march 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
the seizure occurred at 4am on march 18 , just hours before the first american air assault .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index < .ixic > was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
" now , the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , " street said to crowd laughter .
" the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and i don 't blame him .
justices said that the constitution allows the government to administer drugs only " in limited circumstances . "
in a 6-3 ruling , the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in " limited circumstances . "
the veteran malyasian diplomat met suu kyi wednesday at the lakeside home in yangon where she is under house arrest .
razali ismail met for 90 minutes with suu kyi , a 1991 winner of the nobel peace prize , at her lakeside home , where she is under house arrest .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma today cut short a visit to latin america as a bitter border wrangle between ukraine and russia deteriorates further .
the dispute has led ukrainian president leonid kuchma to cut short a state visit to latin america .
about 25 governments have signed in the last four months , about half of those in the last three weeks .
according to the state department list , about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months , about half in the past three weeks .
the panel ordered the commerce department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days .
it called on the commerce department to respond within 60 days .
the company will launch 800 hot spots , or " wi-fi zones , " later this summer , and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year .
the service will launch later this summer with 800 locations , and sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year .
gold 's rise pulled other precious metals higher , shunting silver to $ 4.81 / 83 an ounce from $ 4.77 / 79 last quoted in new york .
gold 's bounce pulled other precious metals higher , sending silver to $ 4.83 / 85 an ounce from $ 4.80 / 82 last quoted in new york .
shares of lendingtree soared $ 5.99 , or 40.1 percent , to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading on the nasdaq stock market .
it will cost about $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment , comparable to other injected cancer therapies , a spokeswoman said .
it will cost about $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks .
the identical rovers will act as robotic geologists , searching for evidence of past water .
the rovers act as robotic geologists , moving on six wheels .
representatives for puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment wednesday .
puretunes representatives could not be located thursday to comment on the suit .
i 've still got a fighting chance , though , " hewitt said after battling to overcome davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
" i 'm still not red-hot favourite , " hewitt said after battling to down davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
two astronomers surveying the region around jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .
astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting jupiter , bringing its known total to 60 .
" what they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
the church 's lawyer , shirley phelps-roper , was clear : " what they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
the woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
the woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for stackhouse 's arrest from the local magistrate 's office .
the american anglican council , which represents episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate group .
the american anglican council , which represents episcopalian conservatives , said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in north america because of last week 's actions .
amgen shares gained 93 cents , or 1.45 percent , to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on nasdaq .
shares of allergan were up 14 cents at $ 78.40 in late trading on the new york stock exchange .
in two weeks , he 'll probably send out peace rules in the preakness .
frankel said peace rules will run in the preakness stakes on may 17 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index was up 7.60 points , or 0.46 percent , at 1,653.62 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > shed 2.38 points , or 0.24 percent , at 995.10 .
he allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six .
zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks .
still , he said , " i 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill . "
" i 'm absolutely confident we 're going to have a bill , " frist , r-tenn . , said thursday .
nationally , the federal centers for disease control and prevention recorded 4,156 cases of west nile , including 284 deaths .
there were 293 human cases of west nile in indiana in 2002 , including 11 deaths statewide .
on thursday , a washington post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the fed was more likely , contrary to the wall street journal 's line .
on thursday , a post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the fed was more likely .
mr. heatley , who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments , faces several charges .
heatley underwent surgery saturday for a broken jaw and an mri found two torn ligaments in his right knee .
u.s. district judge edmund sargus ruled that the akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions .
firstenergy corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions , u.s. district judge edmund sargus ruled thursday .
mr pollard said : " this is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for james 's family .
nick pollard , the head of sky news said : " this is a shocking blow for james 's family .
" they were tossed around like feathers , " gordon said .
" the concrete barriers ( between lanes ) were being tossed around like feathers . "
" it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete , " barrett said .
" it is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete " with fast-growing economies such as china and india , barrett said .
the new system costs between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million , depending on configuration .
the system is priced from us $ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million , depending on configuration .
the router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $ 200 , the company said .
netgear prices the wgt634u super wireless media router , which will be available in the first quarter of 2004 , at under $ 200 .
on monday , as first reported by cnet news.com , the riaa withdrew a dmca notice to penn state university 's astronomy and astrophysics department .
last thursday , the riaa sent a stiff copyright warning to penn state 's department of astronomy and astrophysics .
the first health-care worker in the country to die of sars was a filipina-canadian who contracted the disease at north york general hospital , the site of the second outbreak .
dixon was otherwise the class of the field at pikes peak international raceway .
scott dixon eventually made winning the honda indy 225 look easy sunday at pikes peak international raceway .
by sunday night , the fires had blackened 277,000 acres , hundreds of miles apart .
major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night .
u.s. forces struck dozens of targets on monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others , the military said .
u.s. forces struck dozens of targets on monday , killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours .
they came despite what ba called a " difficult quarter " , which it said included unofficial industrial action at heathrow .
ba said the second quarter , which included unofficial industrial action at heathrow , had been difficult .
the author is one of several defense experts expected to testify .
spitz is expected to testify later for the defense .
the two-year note us2yt = rr fell 5 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on monday .
as part of a restructuring peregrine sold its remedy help desk software unit last year to bmc software inc .
peregrine sold its remedy business unit to bmc software in november for $ 355 million .
shares in ba were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 gmt , off a low of 164p , in a slightly stronger overall london market .
shares in ba were down three percent at 165-1 / 4 pence by 0933 gmt , off a low of 164 pence , in a stronger market .
joining stern and mcentee on stage was international union of painters and allied trades president james williams .
the international union of painters and allied trades endorsed mr dean several weeks ago .
the winston-salem , north carolina company opened six stores during the quarter , bringing the total to 282 .
six new krispy kreme stores were opened in the first quarter , bringing the total number of stores to 282 .
families stuck on the highway remained in their cars , and used their cell phones to call home .
families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars , and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency .
for the entire season , the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles , franklin said .
" the average track error for the five-day ( forecast ) is 323 nautical miles .
orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent .
france telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while orange surged 13 percent .
a search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house , authorities said wednesday .
authorities performed an autopsy thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest indiana home .
" city-grown pollution , and ozone in particular , is tougher on country trees , " says cornell university ecologist jillian gregg .
" i know this sounds counterintuitive , but it 's true : city-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees , " u.s. ecologist jillian gregg said .
the standard & poor 's 500 index slipped 4.77 , or 0.5 percent , to 929.62 .
the broad standard & poor 's 500 index .spx shed 0.17 of a point , or just 0.02 percent , to 934 .
the dow jones industrial average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the s & p 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79 .
the dow jones industrial average < .dji > fell 44 points , or 0.46 percent , to 9,568 .
school officials said van-vliet reported the accident using the bus ’ radio .
van-vliet , who was also injured , called in the accident on the school bus radio .
board chancellor robert bennett declined to comment on personnel matters tuesday .
police believe wilson shot reynolds , then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself .
police believe wilson then shot jennie mae robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself .
according to security sources , london metropolitan police commissioner john stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning .
the telegraph can reveal that sir john stevens , the metropolitan police commissioner , placed his force on its highest alert last week .
bulger 's brother is now on the agency 's ' '10 most wanted ' ' list , sought in connection with 21 murders .
bulger 's brother , a former fbi informant , is now on the law enforcement agency 's " 10 most wanted " list .
florida 's supreme court has twice refused to hear the case .
on tuesday , a florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube .
" the european union is basically absent , " said tito barbini , regional minister for agriculture in tuscany , italy .
tito barbini , a regional minister for agriculture in tuscany , italy , criticized the absence tuesday in sacramento .
" it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games , " thomas said .
" we 're in the stanley cup finals , and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games .
from broadway comedies like " the seven year itch " ( 1952 ) , " will success spoil rock hunter ? "
playwright george axelrod , who anticipated the sexual revolution with the seven year itch and will success spoil rock hunter ?
nine seconds later , it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent .
nine seconds later , spaceshipone broke the sound barrier , the company said .
the plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
us airways flight 5481 , which crashed jan. 8 , was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight .
he also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem .
the academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public , rosa said .
gartner 's report said global wlan equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year , a 120 percent increase over 2001 's 8.9 million units .
total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year , compared with 8.9 million units in 2001 .
roy moore , the suspended chief justice of the alabama supreme court , stood accused but unrepentant wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over .
moore , the suspended chief justice of the alabama supreme court , stands trial before the alabama court of the judiciary .
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji climbed 164 points , or 1.91 percent , to 8,765.38 , brushing its highest levels since mid-january .
the blue-chip dow jones industrial average .dji tacked on 97 points , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 .
friends of robert de niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
hollywood actor robert de niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer , his spokesman said today .
but jt was careful to clarify that it was " not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment " .
" however , we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . "
shares of halliburton fell 71 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the new york stock exchange .
halliburton shares fell 54 cents , or 2.4 percent , to $ 21.76 a share in midday new york stock exchange trade .
graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address .
later tuesday , graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term .
" these changes may affect a large number of existing web pages , " the statement continued .
still , changes to ie " may affect a large number of existing web pages , " according to the w3c 's notice .
barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the united states but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry successfully fought here .
barbini said the eu may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods , something the industry has resisted .
sources say agents confiscated " several " documents he was carrying .
agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him .
the helicopter burst into flames upon impact , according to the mohave county sheriff 's office .
the helicopter was owned by las vegas-based sundance helicopters inc . , according to the sheriff 's office .
" i am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , " said silver .
" i am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel , j. michael boxley , ' ' the silver statement said . "
the new research will be published soon in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
it will appear in the next few weeks on the web site of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street wednesday by cutting through a fence , a corrections department official said .
a convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street .
john hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for city auditor don mares .
hickenlooper clobbered city auditor don mares , 46 , in the tuesday runoff .
young has 28 days to file a response and ask the nasd for a hearing .
stocks dipped lower tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from monday 's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy .
wall street moved tentatively higher tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from monday 's big rally .
selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire .
selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire , fischi said .
common side effects include nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough , the fda said .
the most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough .
announcing the selection , kmart ceo julian day said grey will help the retailer " find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of kmart to the new america consumer . "
together , we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of kmart to the ' new america ' consumer . "
intel today disclosed details of its next-generation xscale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in san jose .
intel on wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones , pdas , and other wireless devices .
the nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gaining 5.7 percent last week .
" we 're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible , " kennedy said .
" there 's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible , " commissioner susan kennedy said .
the company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line cds to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 .
the company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $ 8.98 .
shares of allergan fell 14 cents to close at $ 78.12 on the new york stock exchange ( news - web sites ) .
that took the benchmark 10-year note us10yt = rr down 9 / 32 , its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on thursday .
that saw the benchmark 10-year note us10yt = rr slip 5 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on thursday .
the bank 's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $ 91.51 per share .
shares of m & t , which is based in buffalo , fell 41 cents , to $ 91.51 .
consumer groups are against the changes , saying they hurt individuality in markets .
consumer groups oppose the changes , saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires .
every thursday , a grains management committee meets in the commission 's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
a grains management committee normally meets each thursday in the commission 's agriculture unit -- another target of wednesday 's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender .
stout previously worked for general electric subsidiary ge capital service inc . , where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer .
stout comes to sprint from ge capital , where he served as chief technology and information officer .
scrimshaw , supervisor , best minister and ten most wanted are expected to complete the belmont field .
best minister , scrimshaw , and ten most wanted all had workouts on monday morning .
in september , hewlett-packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company .
four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with hewlett-packard co .
on friday , the concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun .
yesterday , the concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun .
a stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million .
the federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million .
the bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive .
" it seems to me ... we 're just dealing with bragging rights here , who wins and who loses , " said gammerman , who heard the case without a jury .
" leaving aside attorney fees , we 're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses , " said gammerman .
its maker , medimmune inc . , based in gaithersburg , made 4 million to 5 million doses this year .
medimmune vaccines , the maker of flumist , made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year .
kaichen appeared wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges .
she appeared in federal court wednesday , but did not enter a plea .
an incremental step reported by researchers at the university of california , san francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort .
the incremental step , reported by researchers at uc san francisco , is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus .
bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and said , " our journey into space will go on . "
mr. bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work , and saying , " our journey into space will go on . "
the governor is going to jackson , where 13 of the state 's 16 fatalities were reported .
the governor is going to jackson , where 13 people were killed .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index rose 3.42 points , or 0.34 percent , to 1,007.84 .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was down 1.55 points , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 .
crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain .
crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel .
net revenue rose to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year .
that is up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year .
these men " are entitled to respect for their private lives , " kennedy said .
" the petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives . "
the mock explosion , the first event in the drill , occurred in a car in industrial south seattle .
the mock explosion of a radioactive " dirty bomb , " the first event in the weeklong drill , occurred on several acres in the south seattle industrial area .
the commission dropped charges that patton improperly appointed conner to the kentucky lottery board and that he improperly appointed conner 's then-husband , seth , to the agriculture development board .
patton also appointed conner to the kentucky lottery board and appointed seth conner to the agriculture development board , the commission says .
aiken 's study appears in the sept . 24 issue of the journal of the american medical association .
the findings appear in wednesday 's journal of the american medical association .
crohn 's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea , pain , weight loss and tiredness .
symptoms include chronic diarrhoea , abdominal pain , weight loss and extreme tiredness .
authorities identified the tipster as richard powell , who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982 .
powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982 .
annan , un chief call on security council to act on syria
russia , china veto un security council resolution on syria
military plane crashes in south france : authorities
military plane crashes in southeastern turkey , 1 dead
saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22
nigeria church blast kills at least 12
greece votes in crucial election
greece looks set for repeat election
iran warns moscow nuclear talks could stall
iranians “ confess ” to nuclear scientist murders
nine killed in syrian-linked clashes in lebanon
iaf strike gaza terror hubs
iaf strikes gaza terror cell ; 1 dead
us senators penalize pakistan for jailing doctor who aided cia
us decries pakistan doctor 's fate
syrian envoy to cyprus defects to qatar
syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
dali painting stolen from gallery
annan urges end to syria violence , minister defects
annan urges end to syrian violence
suicide bomber kills 4 near nato 's afghan hq
suicide bomber kills 23 at afghan wedding
pm in tehran , asks nam to take clear stand on syria
manmohan in tehran , asks nam to take a stand on syria
senators can return to playoffs with victory
messi scores 4 to send guardiola off with victory
south africa train crash kills at least 19
civilians bear brunt of afghan attacks
taliban launch coordinated afghan attacks
russia , china veto un resolution on syria endorsing
russia , china veto u.n. draft backing arab plan for syria ( reuters )
syrians trade blame over blasts
israel braces for arab protests
israeli leader puts off evicting settlers from hebron house
israeli army orders settlers out of hebron house
government promises action on heathrow queues
finance minister promises no new taxes
egyptian president moves into mubarak 's old office
egypt 's president-elect morsi starts to form government
japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy
japan thanks taiwan for quake aid
syrian troops kill 35 in damascus suburb
activists : syrian troops kill dozens near damascus
suspicious object found in tel aviv not explosive device
police treat suspicious object at tel aviv bus station
at least 15 killed in nigeria church attack
at least 12 killed in nigeria church bombing
us drone strike kills 8 militants
us drone strike kills four in nwa : officials
obama endorses same-sex marriage
obama 's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
barack obama 's personal evolution on same-sex marriage
obama backs same-sex marriage
police disperse protest in east sudan - witnesses
police disperse east china chemical plant protesters
2 pro-palestinian activists arrested at b-g airport
dozens of ' flytilla ' activists protest at paris airport
spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent
us jobless rate seen rising , offering obama no relief
israeli pm makes case on iran to us voters
israel blames iran for attacks on its diplomats
music industry pays tribute to whitney houston
music industry mourns whitney houston
over 120 dead in pakistan factory blaze
at cpac , mitt romney stresses conservative credentials
cpac 2012 : mitt romney struggles to connect with conservative base
glorious triple-gold night for britain
britain savors golden night on track
toulouse siege : police surround flat of ' islamic warrior ' suspected of being serial killer
toulouse shooting : france was on the highest level of security of security alert
wigan 3-2 wolves : match report , pictures & video highlights
arsenal 0-0 chelsea : match report , pictures & video highlights
uk spends £ 3m on foreign prisons
us spends $ 50m on carp invasion
prince philip hospitalised in london
britain 's prince philip hospitalised , to miss jubilee
'desperate housewives ' actress kathryn joosten dies
'housewives ' actress kathryn joosten dies at 72
gaza rockets lands in ashkelon coast area ; none hurt
rocket fired from gaza damages home in sderot ; none hurt
egypt 's coptic pope shenuda iii dies
egypt prepares to bury coptic pope shenuda iii
assad meets with red cross officials in syria
assad makes red cross pledge
manchester united slashes price for us ipo
manchester united reveal share price details
soggy solstice : stonehenge gets soaking
summer solstice celebrated at stonehenge despite rain
icc lawyer detained in libya on security concerns
icc lawyer held in libya faces 45-day detention
freight train derails , catches fire in columbus , ohio
freight train derailment , explosion prompts evacuation
china 's yuan weakens against usd for third day
breivik complains of ' ridicule'
breivik : jail term ' ridiculous'
romney rocked by secret video
romney taped at secret donor talk
eurozone agrees to lend spain up to $ 125 billion
eurozone to lend spain up to 100 bil. euros
russia , china veto un resolution on syria
juror : sandusky appeared to accept his fate
jerry sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
romney leads rivals , not obama , in fundraising
romney : i left all management of bain in 1999
9 / 11 defendants ignore judge at guantanamo hearing
sept . 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
egyptians vote to pick president for first time
egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
romney , obama clash on tax , economy in first debate
obama and romney take stage for first debate
roadside bomb kills 10 afghan civilians : police
roadside bomb kills 5 afghan policemen
remarks by the president at the white house science fair
the presidential planner - the white house science fair
venezuela 's chavez in cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment
venezuelan leader returning to cuba for treatment
residents near gaza instructed to stay near shelter
best ’ s great day brings west indies cheer
syria in ceasefire observers call
syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
spurs get revenge on lakers , lead west
abduct israelis to free prisoners , gaza leaders say
china 's cpi growth slows to 1.8 pct in july
china 's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in july
gaza militants fire 40 rockets into israel , 3 hurt : police
gazans fire four rockets into israel ; no injuries
iraq releases suspected hezbollah operative wanted by u.s .
iraq said to release hezbollah operative
suicide bomber hits funeral in iraq
suicide bomber strikes in syria
texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast
2 dead in bangladesh clashes over jamaat leader ’ s execution
bangladesh islamist leader executed
china to resume us investment talks
china and taiwan hold historic talks
'around 100 dead or injured ' after china earthquake
hundreds dead or injured in china quake
nelson mandela released from hospital
cardinals enter vatican for historic vote
cardinals enter sistine chapel to elect pope
au leaders meet for africa day
egypt youth leader detained for four days
today in history , jan. 21
uk alert on syrian chemical arms
west raises stakes over syria chemical claims
israelis , palestinians convene over prisoner swap
israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of prisoner x
moderate earthquake jolts nw pakistan
moderate earthquake hits southern pakistan
32 die in bangladesh protest
1 killed in bangladesh protest
thai police use tear gas against protesters
brazil leader breaks silence about protests
calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case
calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case
motorists killed after japanese tunnel collapses
cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside tokyo
chinese students attacked in france
2 police killed in eastern afghan explosion
at least 28 people die in chinese coal mine explosion
the note 's must-reads for monday , november 25 , 2013
the note 's must-reads for tuesday , october 8 , 2013
lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse
tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis
indian police round up all five suspects in mumbai rape case
mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case
security tightens for thatcher funeral
security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in kenya
china strives to avoid economic traps
insurance is key to fostering economic growth
demolition work begins on don valley stadium
demolition work to begin at stadium
us confirms al-qaeda leader has been captured
us captures al-qaeda leader but fails in somalia attack
messi nets 300th , 301st goals in barcelona win
football : messi hits 300th barcelona goal in comeback win
ukrainian prime minister azarov and entire government resign
ukrainian officials barred from canada as protests continue
the note 's must-reads for friday , december 6 , 2013
the note 's must-reads for friday , july 12 , 2013
north korea nuclear test sparks worry
north korea nuclear test
stocks close 2.47 % higher
afghan president approves new election law
almagor blasts netanyahu over prisoner release
hospital : 61 killed in venezuela prison riot
dozens reported killed in venezuela prison riot
clashes erupt as islamists push back in egypt
coptic priest shot dead in egypt attack
us presidents pay tribute to mandela
no radiation leak at iran 's nuclear plant
us congress may throw wrench into iran nuclear deal
bangladesh islamist execution upheld
bangladesh executes opposition leader
iran leader rouhani says nuclear deal with u.s. possible within ¿ three months ¿
iran president hassan rouhani wants nuclear deal in months
singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher
2 pussy riot members reunited in krasnoyarsk
freed pussy riot pair stir up anti-putin protests
israel launches airstrike in gaza
israel launches air strikes near damascus
floods leave six dead in philippines
heavy rains leave 18 dead in philippines
iran moderate wins presidency by a large margin
iran threatens to trigger oil price war
new japan govt hints at joining pacific trade pact : report
japan , us hold talks linked to regional trade pact
websites battle nasty comments , anonymity
websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity
turkish police mass near istanbul park protest area
british police deny protecting sex abuser savile
guatemala arrests software guru john mcafee
held in guatemala , software guru mcafee fights deportation
4 dead after boat capsizes off florida coast
8 dead after heavy rains on island of st vincent
cannes thief ' steals $ 53m of jewels ' in armed heist at hotel
robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels in cannes , police say
nelson mandela undergoes surgery
‘ nelson mandela is recovering ’
us military aircraft hit in s. sudan , 4 wounded
us military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in south sudan
death toll in colorado floods rises to four
thousands told to evacuate in colorado flooding
nicaragua , venezuela offer asylum to snowden
bolivia 's morales says he would grant asylum to snowden if asked
5 killed , 50 injured in pakistan blast
3 killed , 138 injured in boston blasts : media
at least 38 morsi supporters die in clashes
dozens of morsi supporters killed in egypt clashes
china stocks close lower on friday
miss new york crowned miss america 2013
four killed , scores wounded in clashes across egypt
egypt violence : student killed in clashes at cairo ’ s islamic university
china detains city workers after fruit seller dies
napthine takes the reins after baillieu 's leadership crumbles
us senator mccain meets opposition leaders in ukraine
sfg meeting reviews situation in mali
one dead in philadelphia building collapse , others pulled from rubble
six confirmed dead after philadelphia building collapse
rescuers scour debris after india buildings collapse
another migrant ship capsizes off italy
another migrant boat capsizes off italy , 27 dead
scores killed in egyptian protests
turkey 's pm warns against protests
rosberg emulates father with monaco win
formula 1 : rosberg stays modest despite monaco win
dave lee travis pleads not guilty to all charges
protesters clash with police in caracas
protesters clash with police in brazil
france cleared to impose controversial ' millionaire tax'
manila to increase counter-terror team
egypt braces for more violence as muslim brotherhood calls ' march of anger'
syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb , kill 5
hunting for clues in boston bombing
libya asks un security council for help
kerry calls on un security council to act on syria
tornadoes level homes in oklahoma , 1 dead
tornadoes hit kan . , okla . ; no injuries reported
margaret thatcher , former u.k. pm , dead at 87
one dead in us building collapse
six killed in us building collapse
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off indonesia
6.9-magnitude quake strikes off russia 's kuril islands
obama shakes hands with cuba 's castro at mandela memorial
gunmen ' kill 10 tourists ' in kashmir
gunmen kill four in kenya church attack
chinese shares close higher on tuesday
global progress seen in ending death penalty
iran diplomat : progress being made in expert-level talks
greek police arrest german on suspicion of spying
israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
un chemical weapons experts to visit syria
us says chemical weapons used in syria
syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
syria fm : we will stop producing chemical weapons
fatah endorses refusal to recognise israel
pakistan denounces latest drone attack
attack kills 12 in afghanistan
food poisoning kills at least 20 children in india
baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
zoo worker dies after tiger attack
indian-origin teacher dies after attack in new zealand
six killed in drone strike in n waziristan
17 govt employees killed in pakistan bus bombing
at least 78 killed in pakistan church bombing
at least 12 dead in washington ...
at least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest balochistan
israel ' bombs ' syria as envoy presses peace talks bid
fierce clashes in east syria as us pushes peace talks
us , russia enter third day of syria talks
us and russia agree syria arms deal in geneva
syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse
syria divided opposition struggles within wider syrian struggle
international forensic teams join kenyan mall carnage probe
arrested briton ' not significant ' to kenya attack probe
obama signs law aimed at barring iran un envoy
obama urges no new sanctions on iran
dprk leader calls for better ties with s.korea
north korea urges foreigners to leave south korea
chinese , russian fms exchange opinions on ukraine crisis
chinese president arrives in argentina for state visit
poll : cory booker takes early lead for n.j. senate
nigella lawson ' took cocaine every day for a decade'
blast on indian train kills one
state : no funds for yeshiva that incites violence
man admits threatening to kill prince harry
manchester united ticket sales and profit down
manchester united owner malcolm glazer dies at 85
foreign companies eye new ' opening-up'
more carriers likely in china
all eyes on new pak army chief raheel sharif
flood alerts in france as river levels rise
one killed , 40 injured in mexico candy factory blast
three killed , 21 injured in two road mishaps
hassoun to mauritanian delegation : conspiracy imposed on syria targets its stances , particularly over palestine
mufti : conspiracy aginst syria targets its stances , particularly towards palestine
obama to meet with china ‚ äôs xi in california june 7-8
obama to meet ukrainian prime minister at white house
protests for kidnapped girls banned in nigerian capital
scores ' killed ' in boko haram raid in nigeria
china yuan weakens to 6.1559 against usd
israelis and palestinians aim to negotiate a ' final ' peace deal after positive talks
israeli army kills 3 palestinian militants in west bank clashes
japanese politician apologizes for sex comment
japan mayor apologizes to u.s. , denies wrong words on " comfort women "
4 killed , 6 injured in attacks in iraq
iran backs proposal for meeting on syria conflict
iran says israel lying about rockets
thai government says elections feb. 2
philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
pakistani taliban ' elect new chief ' , vow ' unprecedented ' revenge
house blaze kills 7 in northern pakistan
us drone strike kills 8 in nw pakistan
pakistanis vote in landmark election
pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
algeria president gets therapy after stroke : state media
bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
yemen : fighting in north kills over 120
janet yellen : five things you might not know
eu ministers of employment and social policy will discuss how to boost employment , integrate social and economic policies
eu ministers of employment and social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies
boy , 14 , arrested for sex attacks around a university campus
two teenagers arrested after string of sex attacks on manchester university campus
protests after george zimmerman acquitted in trayvon martin case
zimmerman acquitted in slaying
maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll
crisis-hit maldives holds new presidential poll
obama , hollande hail transformed us-french relationship
hollande arrives for us state visit
bombings kill 9 people in iraqi capital
bombings kill 19 people in iraq
10 things to know for thursday
new un peacekeeping chief named for central african republic
un takes over peacekeeping in central african republic
israeli forces detain palestinian mp in hebron
israeli forces detain 2 palestinians in overnight arrest raids
israeli police clash with palestinian protesters at sensitive jerusalem holy site
israel police clash with palestinians in jerusalem
3 killed , 4 injured in los angeles shootings
five killed in saudi arabia shooting
scientists prove there is water on mars
has nasa discovered water on mars ?
pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations
wto : india regrets action of developed nations
volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal
volkswagen 's " gesture of goodwill " to diesel owners
obama is right : africa deserves better leadership
obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general
new video shows us police officers beating mentally-ill man
new york police officer critically wounded in hatchet attack
a girl is brushing her hair .
a group of men play soccer on the beach .
a group of boys are playing soccer on the beach .
a woman is cutting onions .
a man is riding an electric bicycle .
a lady is playing the guitar .
a man is cycling .
a man attacks a woman .
a man slaps a woman .
the woman is styling her hair .
a man and woman is dancing .
a woman is slicing garlics .
a man is cooking .
a little boy is singing and playing a guitar .
a man is singing and playing the guitar .
a turtle is swimming in water .
a turtle is walking underwater .
a woman is wrapping tofu .
a woman is balling dough .
a man is eating a piece of bread .
a man is eating pasta .
a man is kicking pots of water .
a man is picking flowers .
a man is cutting a pipe with scissors .
a man mixes vegetables in a pot .
a person is stirring vegetables in a pot .
a woman is talking on a cell phone .
a man and woman are talking on the phone .
a man is singing while playing the guitar .
a man is cutting apple by his hand .
a man is cutting paper with a sword .
the ballerina is dancing .
a woman is playing violin .
a woman is slicing some tomatoes .
a woman is chopping a potato .
a woman is water skiing .
a woman is slicing fish .
a man is riding a scooter .
a man played the guitar .
a woman is cleaning a garden .
men are sawing logs .
a car is driven down the road .
a girl is walking down a road .
a train is moving .
a man is doing yoga .
a woman is cutting onion .
a woman is playing in the ocean .
a woman is preparing shrimp to cook .
a person is playing an electronic keyboard .
a kid is playing keyboard .
a monkey is fighting a man .
a man is standing in front of the window and looking outside .
a man is staring out the window .
a skunk is looking here and there .
a skunk looks at the camera .
a woman opens a window .
a man is crawling .
people are dancing outside .
the man is using a camera to hammer a nail .
someone is banging a camera lense against a nail .
a woman is filing her nails .
a man is peeling a carrot .
a boy is playing a wooden flute .
a man is slicing some carrots .
the machine shaved the end of the pencil .
a gorilla plays the drums .
a man is opening a box and taking out paper .
a woman plays the clarinet .
a person is drawing on a large touchscreen .
the men played follow the leader on the grass .
a man is talking to a woman .
a woman peels garlic with her hands .
the polar bears fought over the kill .
polar bears are fighting each other .
the cat is licking a bottle .
a cat plays with a small bottle .
a person cuts ginger .
a person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler .
a man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver .
two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd .
the women are singing and dancing .
a man is seasoning some carrots .
a woman is slicing garlic .
two men pushed carts through the woods .
two men are pushing carts .
a man is playing a football .
a man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet .
three young men run , jump , and kick off of a coke machine .
three men are jumping off a wall .
a young asian girl is applying eyeliner .
a girl is putting on eye makeup .
a cat is walking around a house .
a woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it .
a woman walks her dog onto astro turf .
someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums .
a man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground .
an oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces .
women are dancing outside .
a boy is talking to a giant dog .
a woman mixes up vegetables .
a woman is adding ingredients to a skillet .
a woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it .
a woman is preparing an egg in a skillet .
a man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl .
pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer .
a man is putting garlic on some bread slices .
a man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread .
the panda bear lay on the logs .
a panda is lying down .
five men jump into a swimming pool .
a group of swimmers fall into a pool .
a man is slicing garlic .
a boy is playing violin on stage .
a person is mixing a pot .
the little dog barked at the electronic toy .
a boy is riding a bicycle .
a person is holding two baby lorises .
a man is dragging a dead deer .
a man is jumping into water from a cliff .
a man is preparing a snake for cooking .
the man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water .
a woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll .
a kitten is playing with a woman 's finger .
someone touched the kitten chewing on a string .
someone is cutting paper .
meat is being put into a skillet .
a woman is putting a baby into a trash can .
a baby elephant is eating a small tree .
a little girl peddling a scooter .
someone is drawing .
someone is dancing .
two men are playing football .
two men are practicing football .
a child is waking up .
a girl is waking up .
a man is playing an acoustic guitar .
a man and a woman is kissing each other .
a man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other .
a woman is cutting some fish .
a man is pouring rice a roni into a pan .
a man poured ric-a-roni into a pan .
a man is breaking wooden boards with his hand .
a man is breaking tiles with his hands .
a girl is playing guitar .
a woman is slicing lemons .
a man is picking up a tree .
a man is carrying a tree .
the man is peeling a potato .
a person is slicing a potato .
a man is thinking .
a woman is playing a guitar and singing .
a guy is taking off his sunglasses .
a boy is removing his sunglasses .
someone is reading an email .
a man is reading his email .
a girl is coming up on a car .
a girl jumps on top of a car .
someone is carrying a fish .
a girl is riding a scooter .
a cat cleans itself .
a cat is licking itself .
a man is performing tricks with a soccer ball .
a woman is looking out a window .
three men are doing same dance in the street .
three shirtless men are dancing in the street .
a boy is playing the violin onstage .
the woman is measuring the other woman .
the lady measured the other woman 's ankle .
a man is doing exercise .
a man is firing a rifle .
a dog is playing with a toy .
a dog is eating a doll .
a guy is peeling a potato .
a man is bowling .
a kitten is walking .
a woman is dancing near a fire .
a woman is cutting a tomatoe .
a man is speaking to an audience .
a person is riding a motorcyle .
a person is chopping an onion .
a person is slicing some garlic .
a person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife .
men are playing soccer .
two teams play soccer .
a baby panda plays with a stick .
the people are lifting bags .
several people are carrying large bags .
a man is moon-walking across a store .
a woman is braiding her hair .
the man is throwing knives at a tree .
a man is throwing blades into a close target outside .
the woman is slicing tofu .
the woman is putting on lipstick .
a woman is folding paper .
a person is slicing a small pieces of ginger .
a man is chopping egg plant .
a man is playing a cello .
a man is rapidly lifting small weights .
the man is talking .
a man is walking down stairs .
a man tries to feed a mouse to a snake .
a man is teasing a snake with a mouse .
a woman is slicing some leaves .
a man is playing a ukulele .
a man is sitting and playing a small guitar .
a kitten is drinking milk from a bowl .
a small child is drinking water from a cup .
a woman breaks an egg into a pan .
a man is hitting a boy with flower vase .
a man is cutting a mat .
the man is mixing whipping cream .
the man is holding a skunk .
a man is stirring juice .
someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart .
someone is cutting a piece of meat .
a man is turning foods .
two couple are talking with each other .
a white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate .
rocky and apollo creed are running down the beach .
the men are jogging on the beach .
a man is stuffing himself full with food .
a boat sails along the water .
an okapi is eating from a tree .
a moose drinks from a sprinkler .
several kids jump up and down on a trampoline .
a man is doing back flips on a trampoline .
a woman is pouring egg into a frying pan .
a man is petting two dogs .
a woman is frying ground meat .
a man is cutting a trunk with an axe .
three boys in karate costumes are fighting .
three men are practicing karate moves in a field .
swimmers are racing in a lake .
women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform .
a cat is licking a bottle .
a woman is chopping herbs .
a man reels in a fish .
a woman is pouring oil in a bowl .
a horse is standing .
a girl is applying makeup on her face .
a woman puts make-up on .
a woman is putting on eyeshadow .
a cat plays in his water .
the cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish .
a man is dancing in the street .
a baby is sucking on a pacifier .
a person is putting shredded cheese in a pot .
a hamster is eating some seeds .
a woman is dancing , and singing .
a man is doing pull-ups .
a chimp is kicking a target .
a woman is putting oil into a skillet .
the girl is carrying a baby .
several swimmers jump into the water .
a man spins on a surf board .
a man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken .
a young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb .
a person dices up an orange pepper .
the cook is slicing bell peppers .
two men are dancing together .
a woman opens a closet .
a man is reading an email .
a person opening a banana .
the curious boys look in the shed .
two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed .
a man with a bicycle at a coffee house .
man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop .
black and white lamb with tag in right ear .
blue couch in room with sun shining in .
the flock of sheep are spread out in the field .
a ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair .
a group of black people in front of a building with a moped .
a group of people are outside a decrepit building .
elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman .
two women sitting on couch posing for camera .
a man riding on the back of an orange suv .
an african man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van .
a cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera .
a tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera .
a man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar .
a father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap .
man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant .
a woman taking her own photo from above .
two men standing in grass staring at a car .
a woman in a pink top posing with beer .
a table is set with wine and dishes for two people .
a person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle .
a man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle .
a dog sniffing the bottom of a door .
a black and white dog sniffing at a closed door .
a yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate .
a black and white cat and dog on a striped couch .
a black and white cat standing in front of a window .
a man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse .
a small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree .
this a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background .
there are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background .
three men posing in a tent .
three men eating in a kitchen .
a close-up of a gray cat with green eyes .
the train heads down the tracks and along the hedge .
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence .
a little girl is laughing at the camera .
a white cow with big ears looking into the camera .
three dark haired young women in white , red and black sweaters .
a white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake .
large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline .
a red train driving through a snow covered city .
three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city .
the bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain .
birds fly low over water .
a black dog looking at the camera .
three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car .
parrot pushing a small shopping cart .
a white bird is steering a shopping cart .
beer bottles ( -lrb- harp lager ) -rrb- lined up on the floor .
a row of beer bottles on the floor .
a brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera .
black and white cow standing near pile of snow .
home office space with bright green walls and artwork .
three people are by the water with yellow canoes .
three people preparing to canoe .
a girl in a riding hat on a horse .
a girl riding a tan horse .
a man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick .
a runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda .
a very retro living room with a television in it .
a car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street .
a silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills .
the man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick .
man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick .
two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs .
a dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog .
an old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier .
a man sitting cross legged on the grass , with a tree in the background .
ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background .
two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window .
a tan puppy on a carpeted floor .
tan puppy lying down on white carpeting .
a black dog standing in a grassy area .
a long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area .
an empty office cubicle .
an empty office chair in a cubicle .
a man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant .
a young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles .
young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach .
a television , upholstered chair , and coffee stable in a bright room .
two women sitting in chairs in a shop .
two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room .
two ducks are standing by the water .
a cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera .
a green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport .
white and green commercial airliner taking off of runway .
the cat is sitting on a bag of cat food .
a large pile of wooden items piled high .
a large pile of scrap wood .
black and white photo of a girl on a sofa .
a women painting a chair with a dining room in the background .
a man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background .
a cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it .
the cat is laying on an animal print blanket .
two motorbikes racing on a dirt course .
a young woman is riding a bay hose in a dirt riding-ring .
a man is staring at a horse with a white mane .
a passenger train with a yellow engine .
a cruise ship is in front of a docking area .
a black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera .
there is a black and white sheep standing on the grass .
two cats , one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket .
two cats , one ginger , the other white laying on a bed .
black and white cows grazing in a pen .
two black and white cows drinking out of a pond .
a small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass .
a small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing .
a sheep beside a road and a lake .
a sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background .
a group of six people sitting at a table with salad served .
tan cows look closely at the camera .
a white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera .
a dog swims through the water .
a dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
a young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
a baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
the brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .
four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .
a dog is running through a pond
a pale dog is running along a dirt path .
a man and a woman watch two dogs .
a man sits by a dock looking at the water .
a man jumps off a rock into the water
a brown and white dog is running through the snow .
a man and a woman are standing in front of a building
two girls are sitting on an atv on the sand in front of a bridge .
three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
a man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
a black and white dog is jumping into the water .
a white dog runs across the water .
a tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
a large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
a brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .
a black and white dog frolics in the snow .
a woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
the man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
a dog running across the snow with a snowball in it 's mouth .
a tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
two racing dogs run in the mud .
the man is going into the water .
a young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
a boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .
three dogs running in the dirt .
the yellow dog is running on the dirt road .
four children on stools in a diner .
four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
the black and white dog has its mouth wide open .
a black and white dog jumps in the snow .
girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
a child is playing with two white and black geese .
two children splashing in the water .
two dolphins jumping into the water .
a man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
a women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
a black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
a man and woman walking past a record shop
a man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people .
two tan dogs play in the snow .
three children wrestle on a floral carpet .
a boy in red jumping into a sandbox .
a dog swimming in a pond
a wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .
the wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water .
large group of people standing outside of a building .
a group of people are ice skating in a big city .
two people are in bed .
two boxers are in the ring .
a light brown dog runs down a path happily .
a pale dog runs down a path .
a red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
a man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
a brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .
a white dog running over a bridge .
a black dog is jumping out of water .
a black dog is shaking off water .
woman playing tennis and hitting the ball .
a woman is playing volley ball .
the kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide .
a dog standing in the water .
a girl playing on a parachute .
a surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
a group of surfers catching a wave
a brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
a person hanging from a rocky cliff .
a black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball .
a brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
a man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air .
a man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
a tan dog is walking through snow .
a harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind .
a brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .
a dog running on the grass
many football players sitting on the ground .
a dog rolls on the ground .
a female dj holds up a michael jackson album .
a girl holding a picture of michael jackson smiling
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
a white dog runs along a rocky shoreline .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a frisbee
a black and white dog jumping in a yard .
the woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
a man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall .
a girl is jumping .
a boy is rock climbing .
a young pitcher is throwing the baseball .
a brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .
three children playing in snow .
three children playing in hay
two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
two people riding their bikes on a hill .
a dog is standing in the sand .
a tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
a child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
two dogs running on the shore .
a white dog running on the beach .
two dogs playing in grass .
a pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
a boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .
a little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .
a little girl is playing on a toy outdoors .
a woman is sitting in the water .
the woman is skating in the park .
a tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
two dogs playing in a yard .
three little girls are sitting on the grass .
two poodles are running through the snow .
dog is jumping down a ramp .
a girls is jumping in the sand .
the dog plays in the park .
the dog leaps over the fence in the park .
four dogs stand in the snow .
brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .
a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
a small white dog climbs over a log .
a small dog steps onto a log .
the dogs play in the snow on hind legs .
a skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .
a black and white dog runs through the water .
black and brown dog runs through field .
a girl is running on a desert path .
a young girl is talking on a cell phone .
a woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
a fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
a person is on a baseball team .
a person is playing basketball on a team .
a bike is next to a couple women .
a child next to a bike .
the group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view .
a group of people take a look at an unusual tree .
the boy is raising his hand .
the man is raising his hand .
a man with a gray beard is being shaved in front of a lecture hall
a man with a beard is sitting in the grass .
a man is performing labor .
a man is performing today .
two men wearing traditional clothing is standing outside .
three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building .
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat .
a man wearing a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream .
a little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed .
a dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass .
a person is watching people ski down the hill .
the woman is jumping a long distance while people watch .
the yard has a dog .
the dog is running after another dog .
three women cook .
two women cooking .
the woman is kneeling next to a cat .
a girl is standing next to a man .
three guys playing a pro game of basketball .
two guys playing a game of baseball .
the boys are earning their next belt in karate .
five girls and one boy are in their swimsuits all in the middle of jumping into the pool .
a woman is digging in the sand .
a man is buried in the sand .
a woman drives a golf cart .
a man riding a cart .
a person filming the outdoors .
there is a couple outdoors .
a human riding a skateboard .
a child is riding a skateboard .
a woman in a plaid outfit is looking through a bag of produce .
this is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress , toting something in a bucket .
the tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star .
a female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball .
blond boy jumping onto deck .
a boy jumping down a wet inflatable slide .
a man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture .
a man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture .
a group of male construction workers repair railroad tracks on a cloudy day
a crew of workers working on a railroad track .
the girl has something on her head .
the woman has something with her .
people making a structure out of cards .
two people are together and one is using a piece of clothing in a different way than intended .
there are four people outside .
five people are outside .
girls are holding hands in blue clothes
the young people are wearing jeans with their red and green shirts .
a man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe .
at least one of the three women is talking to the others .
a dog has a sweater on .
a man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat .
sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head .
a person is standing in front of a building holding aloft some plywood
a boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up .
the man is short hair .
a pole is behind a person that is playing peekaboo with a child .
there is a child with a ball
a woman is about to paint .
a boy is about to take a picture .
a man working at the steel mill
a man working in a foundry .
the young woman is flirting with the young boy .
the girl is young and cheery .
the men are about to score in a water polo tournament
the two men are about to compete in a match .
a man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night .
a man and a girl are watching cartoons at home
three men sit on a bench .
two men sit on a bench .
the road is long .
there is nothing on the side of the road .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
a man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk .
a dog under the stairs
a dog is resting on the stairs .
a woman is posing for a christmas card .
a girl is taking a photo .
a man is working on his farm .
an old guy is working on his farm and a cow kicks him .
a group of teenagers jumping and having a good time .
a group of kids having a good time .
a man is playing his guitar at joe 's cafe .
the man is playing the drums for his mom .
someone is on a blanket .
the person is making a blanket .
the man has a orange shirt .
the woman has a orange shirt .
the two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop .
the kids are stealing from a store .
the baby boy wants his mother .
a baby boy is happy to see his mother .
a boy is very close to a girl .
a girl is close to a boy whose face is not shown .
six children are cleaning a room .
two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot .
two men are helping a boy .
two men are with a young child .
two skiing people are doing cross country skiing .
people skiing cross country .
a dog taking a poop in the street .
a man making balloon animals for two children on a street corner .
a kid is talking in class .
a girl is going to class .
the women are trying to sell something to the individual .
the men are trying to make some money .
people are waiting for the fireworks to start .
three people are waiting for the rain to stop .
a dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns .
a dog and sheep run together .
the woman in overalls paints a picture for her wall .
a woman is painting her wall white .
adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant .
men are trying to remove oil from a body of water .
the woman is wearing yellow .
the woman is wearing red .
a man is doing a stunt on his bicycle .
a man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle .
ten people riding atvs .
4 people are riding bikes
a yellow vested person is doing road work .
a person is doing very well on their skateboard .
two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch
the construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch .
two kids are swimming .
six kids are going swimming .
the children are holding musical instruments .
a group of children are singing and playing instruments
a group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest .
a group of police officers are wearing protection .
the man is planning to shoot a wedding
the woman is going to a wedding .
the child 's bike got wet .
she is putting away the bike .
a soldier walks a dog .
a man walks a dog .
a shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower .
a girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower .
the two officers are driving
two officers are on horses .
the lady looks sad because no one is buying her wares .
the lady is selling things .
a flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach .
birds are flying at a beach .
people walk home
people waiting .
he is about to run into the boat
the man is getting his boat clean to take it out on the water .
2 cows are in a field .
two sheep are in a field .
a wet child enjoys the summer .
a woman is enjoying the summer weather .
the girl has a driver 's license
a man has a driver 's license .
people on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack
people on motorcycles ride around a racetrack
a man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush
a man with a crutch lying on the ground .
the kids are at the theater watching a movie .
it is picture day for the boys
two women walk down the sidewalk to the store .
two women walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon .
a man has his son on his back
a man spent his time with his son .
a group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire .
two women are gossiping by a fence .
zombies parading around eating brains .
the zombies are eating flesh together .
three people are meeting for coffee .
two people make coffee .
a young girl with dirt on her face and a red child 's bike is in the background .
the old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt is standing on a path watching children play .
a man holding a cat .
a man holding a dog .
the cats are running through the grass .
some dogs running through the park .
the two boys are playing kick ball back and forth to each other .
the players are kicking each other while attempting to kick the ball .
two girls are running .
three boys are running .
a little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass .
a woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green .
a man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar .
a man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage .
a black hooded man is using a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet .
a white hooded woman is using a magnifying glass to look at a booklet .
a group of people are nervous about crossing the water .
a group of people are on the water .
a group of kids are having a jumping contest .
a group of kids are having a sleepover .
the person is wearing a fedora .
a man is wearing a uniform .
a woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie .
a man and a woman watch a movie together .
a man in a blue dress shirt .
a man in a white shirt and blue pants is talking with a woman in a pink shirt .
a couple is playing the game of life .
the family is playing a game together .
the head of a child with dark glasses is in focus .
there is a woman with a full head of hair .
a maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court .
a man removing a tennis net .
a man in a brown coat rubs his nose .
a bald man with a red beard holds his hand near his mouth .
the dog is chasing the geese .
one dog is chasing the other .
small child playing with letter p
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book .
a group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling .
a group of people are wearing orange shirts .
i remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours .
i remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours .
it really depends on the school and the program .
there 's also what the string is made of .
there is also a youtube-version of the film .
you also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client .
you can do it , but you might not be a professor .
i did this one time as well .
i have this habit as well .
you just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
you may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .
you should do it .
you should do what it says .
you should just ask your boss what he wants you to do .
you should listen to your boss , because you 're not paid to tell the boss what to do .
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don 't .
you have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demands you can live with .
it depends on what you want to have in your tank .
i think it depends what you want :
you want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start .
you will have to start with the clinic . , and maybe move on to the insurance company .
if you don 't want to derail the meeting , but the key is to speak up .
the key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen .
yes , it 's probably a good idea to renew your passport .
it 's a good idea .
it 's a good question .
it 's much better to ask .
yes , there is a reason for it .
yes , that is exactly what it means .
you don 't have to know .
you have no need to do anything .
it seems to work .
you can buy it on amazon for $ 5 .
you can buy it on ebay for $ 25 and up .
the coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot , as the coffee is acidic .
one idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot .
there are two ways to start with : plunging and dripping .
there are two traditional ways to bend wood :
you might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him .
my advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like .
they can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .
yes , you should mention your experience .
yes , you should mention it .
from what i understand this is what you can do :
i 'd say it primarily depends on two things :
i 'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want ?
some of what you can do :
not much you can do besides :
the answers so far are already good , but i 'd like to add a map for switzerland :
you have a lot of answers already , but i 'd like to add curries as another solutions .
there is no maximum .
there is no quarantine period .
i am not sure this is the right site for the question .
i am not sure this question would have made much sense to the romans themselves .
yes , you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you 've done .
you are not disclosing key info .
no you are not .
i guess it depends on what you 're going to do .
it is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job .
it depends on what you want to achieve .
this is a problem that the professor has to deal with .
this is a very unusual request .
this sounds a bit unusual .
it very much depends on the grant in question .
i think it depends very much on the area .
no it does not affect your ratings .
no it is not .
it depends on what they are .
it depends on what they are evaluating , and how .
there 's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter .
th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you 're getting in .
this is probably not a good idea but i will suggest it anyhow .
the best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
my recommendation is not to say anything , and do the best you can .
i 'd say it depends what conditions you have .
you don 't have to do anything to season it .
i have the same situation and have traveled extensively .
this doesn 't answer your question , but :
this is a part answer to your question
you can use it , too .
you can still use it for practice .
it really depends on how the employer documents it .
it depends how you 're stating it .
i 've had this problem while working in a pubs .
you should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality / history to do so .
it depends on what you want to be able to do .
yes , you have to file a tax return in canada .
you are not required to file a tax return in canada if you have no taxable income .
if what you are looking for is much higher , they get the picture .
the best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness .
it depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake .
it depends on the sauce and the result you want .
you have to do what is right for you .
you probably don 't have any chance at the moment .
saying " thanks , i don 't have any questions at the moment . "
it really doesn 't matter .
it doesn 't matter unless it is really far off .
you don 't need to know everything .
i think you 're looking for mikey ( 1992 ) .
i think you 're looking for the movie
yes , you can do exactly what you want to do .
you should prime it first .
what kind of insulation is it ?
what kind of floors are above ?
i don 't think that there 's any .
i don 't think there is any universal term .
this is the tip i find most useful :
something like this is useful :
that 's what i believe .
yes , i believe it 's a good idea .
if you are not sure how to do it , don 't do it at all .
if not , don 't do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
it 's all in her head .
it 's all about adhesion .
if you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it , don 't .
i would say you can do it , but it wouldn 't be advised .
personally , i would say not unless it suits you .
sure , i 've done this very trip .
i 've done this many dozens of times .
i 've located an article that might be of some help : http : / / www.dsattorney.com / qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts /
i found some link that might be of help to you :
i would say it is impossible to know , so don 't risk it .
you don 't , it will not work .
it 's a good idea to do both .
this answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the us .
this answer is based on experience i did not researched for references .
you will want to clean the area first .
you will also want to remove the seeds .
there are a couple of options that you could consider :
there are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you .
since you have one ticket , you don 't have to worry .
vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the usa .
nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the uk .
it depends on how it 's used .
it depends on how long it 's been out .
remember this is your degree we are talking about , its up to you what you want to do .
what is your lid made of ?
what is your paper for ?
you don 't need any visa .
you don 't need sauce at all .
that is your problem , not your supervisor 's .
work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem .
it depends on your company .
the wood probably isn 't rotten , it 's just worn out .
it 's just worn out and not safe .
this is a great one ...
this is a difficult one .
to directly answer the two questions in your title .
yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
valid reasons to feel the way you do , but not a reason to resign .
i think it is depends on the program .
it depends on how the term is used i think .
the key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
you don 't have equipments / facilities to do research in b .
i think you 've pretty much done your review .
you 've pretty much answered your own question .
there are a few things i don 't understand :
you burn more calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat .
the more you sweat , the faster you will burn calories and fat .
it depends on what you want to say / imply .
yes , there is a chemical difference .
they can be out of level by a bit , but flat is important .
yes , although they can be a bit sour .
i would look at this : u.s .
i would look at this way :
if you haven 't , you should .
you should , but you don 't have to .
yes it is common !
the simple answer is yes !
i don 't think there are any benefits .
it looks to me that this is set up for what you want :
it is up to you whether you want to do that .
problem is , the system doesn 't account for people who could care less about money , or title .
the joker doesn 't care about money .
in the first case , i think you don 't need it .
so i don 't think you need to put it on the cover .
it is impossible to answer this question without a form check .
it is difficult , if not impossible , to give a complete answer to this question .
you need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
this gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in xxx .
no , you do not need a bread machine .
yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis .
yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal .
so if that 's what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .
yes , you should make a résumé .
i think it is great that you had a test conducted .
i think that 's a great plan .
other than that you don 't have a tax issue .
yes , there is a rule against this .
there 's no rule against it .
i 'm going to go out on a limb here ...
if your long stay visa for switzerland is valid , then you will not need a transit visa .
you do not need a transit visa , but to enter zurich you will need a visa .
now you don 't have to be perfect on every answer .
it is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
point is : know what you want and don 't be afraid to ask for it .
you 're right on about the sample definition .
primer / paint will not work .
nope that will not work .
the best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold .
personally when i was in a similar situation i sent the couple a card and a gift .
sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
you could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you .
they just don 't want you to know it .
also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story .
it is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit .
i think it 's just a habit .
you need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it .
if the conversation is not about work , you know what the answer is to your own question .
i would personally beware of the motley fool .
i would recommend looking at the motley fool .
you 're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want .
you should never do it .
the answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages :
there are a few possible reasons .
there are a few reasons that paint wrinkles .
microwave would be your best bet .
your best bet is research .
it 's not just a good idea , it 's an excellent idea .
i had this same situation .
yes , there is at least one to my knowledge .
to my knowledge , there 's no time requirement .
there is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not .
there is no code telling you that you cannot do this .
yes , you should talk to your professor .
you shouldn 't feel any obligation at all .
the key thing to realize here is that it 's not your job to make people do their work .
it really isn 't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job .
there are two options for you -
if the answer to any of these questions is yes , a phd may be worthwhile for you .
vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in paris after falling 3.6 percent on monday .
in new york , vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $ 18.29 .
bremer said one initiative is to launch a us $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
governor gray davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $ 2 billion .
state officials estimated the cost at nearly $ 2 billion .
the american express corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .
the city had requested federal funds , but withdrew that request when american express pledged at least $ 3 million .
results from no. 2 u.s. soft drink maker pepsico inc . ( nyse : pep - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .
wall street was also waiting for aluminum maker alcoa inc . ( nyse : pep - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .
taylor 's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos , a view shared by many in liberia and , in private , even by mediators .
his aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed , a view shared by many in liberia .
it was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia , industry , government and the public .
the plan , called the nih roadmap , was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia .
local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out .
acting new haven police chief francisco ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from powderject 's shareholders .
chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of powderject shares .
" we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [ touch-screen ] machines for the 2004 presidential primary , " said gilles w. burger , state board of elections chairman .
" we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised diebold machines , " said gilles w. burger , chairman of the maryland state board of elections .
analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , thomson first call says .
hewlett-packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $ 659 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 18 billion .
another was in serious condition at northwest medical center in springdale .
at northwest medical center of washington county in springdale , one child is in serious condition .
sean harrigan , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggested paring down the nyse 's 27-member board , changing its composition and making it more accountable .
sean harrigan , president of the california public employees ' retirement system , also suggested paring the nyse 's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry .
the swedish central bank was also meeting on wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on thursday .
the swedish central bank , also meeting on wednesday , is widely expected to announce a cut on thursday of as much as half a percentage point .
his 1996 chevrolet tahoe was found abandoned in a virginia beach , va . , parking lot june 25 .
his sport utility vehicle was found june 25 , abandoned without its license plates in virginia beach , va .
heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .
heatley led atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists .
" tony 's not feeling well , " spurs coach gregg popovich said .
we 're thrilled to be up 3-2 , ' ' coach gregg popovich said wednesday .
electronic data systems corp. thursday said the securities and exchange commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the u.s. navy .
in a regulatory filing , eds said the sec had asked for information related to its troubled it outsourcing contract with the us navy .
as well as the dolphin scheme , the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
the consensus among wall street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share .
analysts surveyed by first call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
the compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it .
the exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry .
q : can i buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?
congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs .
in 1999 , the building 's owners , the port authority of new york and new jersey , issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 { inches .
the nist discovered that in 1999 the port authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1 / 2 inches .
the dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since april 30 .
the dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trade , extending tuesday 's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since april 30 .
the single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro 's launch in january 1999 .
the single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in january 1999 .
a new castle county woman has become the first delaware patient to contract the west nile virus this year , the state 's department of health reported .
a 62-year-old west babylon man has contracted the west nile virus , the first human case in suffolk county this year , according to the county health department .
he also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the north korean nuclear crisis peacefully .
but the north korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office .
a rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack .
a captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive .
kyi , a u.n. envoy says , as japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless suu kyi is freed .
japan added to growing international pressure on burma yesterday , threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
mr eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was " in the hands of the negotiators " .
" the future of ba is in the hands of the negotiators , " eddington told british broadcasting corp. television on sunday .
" both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " he said during a press briefing at the hospital .
" both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " said goodrich , also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the children 's hospital at montefiore .
trading in loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on monday at $ 3.01 .
the new york stock exchange suspended trading yesterday in loral , which closed at $ 3.01 friday .
knox county health department is following national centers for disease control and prevention protocol to contain infection .
the health department spokesperson added the department is following centers for disease control protocol .
schools chancellor joel klein said the push for higher standards and accountability " is showing results . "
schools chancellor joel klein said he was pleased by the results .
he proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .
frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .
barbini 's comments came tuesday , the second day of the ministerial conference and expo on agricultural science and technology .
yesterday , shares closed up 29 cents , or 0.54 percent , at $ 54.32 .
amazon 's shares yesterday closed at $ 54.32 on the nasdaq stock market , up 29 cents .
lawtey is not the first faith-based program in florida 's prison system .
but lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path .
the transaction will grant handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of palm--and no shares of palmsource--for each share of handspring common stock .
under the proposed terms of the transaction , and following the spinoff of palmsource , palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of handspring .
the giant rock was first observed on august 24 by lincoln near-earth asteroid research program , based in socorro , new mexico .
the rock was first observed by the lincoln near earth asteroid research program , also known as linear .
" we need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
he urged employees to " avoid complacency " and to " change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
" these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate , " bush said , adding that the united states will find the killers .
these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the united states will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of american justice .
it is a national concern that will touch virtually every american , " abraham said .
the impact of natural-gas shortages " will touch virtually every american , " energy secretary spencer abraham warned yesterday .
in the united states , 20.7 percent of all women smoke .
nevada is where the most women smoke , 28 percent .
it has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
that poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
shares of mony were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on instinet .
mony shares rose 8.76 per cent to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading in new york .
diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to paul burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her .
burrell said diana wrote a letter in october 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance .
gillespie sent a letter to cbs president leslie moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer .
republican national committee chairman ed gillespie issued a letter friday to cbs television president leslie moonves .
" let 's show we won 't let them off , " said marc blondel , leader of the force ouvriere union .
" the movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum , and we won 't give up , " said marc blondel , leader of the force ouvriere union .
the announcements were made at the international broadcasting convention ( ibc ) in amsterdam .
the submission was on monday , but the announcement was made friday at the international broadcasting convention in amsterdam .
its keywords are supported by chinese language web portals .
chinese language web portals also support 3721 keywords , the web site said .
the consensus estimate of analysts polled by thomson first call called for a profit of $ 1.70 per share .
analysts polled by reuters research , a unit of reuters group plc , on average forecast profit of $ 1.69 per share .
initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration , hyperthermia and suffocation .
two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration , hypothermia and suffocation .
authorities appealed to the public friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores .
authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside charleston-area convenience stores .
u.s. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the syrian border and are now interrogating them .
the third armored cavalry regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the syrian border , officials said .
that compares with a profit of $ 1 million , or breakeven , on $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year .
total revenue for the second quarter was $ 1.48 billion , up 7 % from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year .
bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .
bolivia 's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on wednesday , leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the president spread .
the a920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .
dell 's personal all-in-one a920 is an entry-level device that combines printer , scanner and copier functions for $ 89 .
singapore reported no suspected sars cases wednesday , but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the taiwanese patient .
still , singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist .
downstream at mount vernon , the skagit river was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , burke said .
the skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at mount vernon , 10 feet above flood stage , the national weather service said .
on monday , the dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
in early trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points monday .
against the swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
in addition to o 'connor , rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by justices david souter , ruth bader ginsburg , and stephen breyer .
joining him in the majority opinion were justices sandra day o 'connor , david h. souter , ruth bader ginsburg and stephen g. breyer .
martin , 58 , will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old fred barras .
martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of barras and for wounding fearon .
idec shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company , and biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent .
the companies said idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company .
nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , " this attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . "
" this attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals , " raymond said .
the dow jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 wednesday .
the dow jones industrial average fell 10.89 points , or 0.11 percent , to 9,837.94 .
since then , texas gov. rick perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through .
democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state 's congressional delegation .
the texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 democratic .
chaudhry was released 56 days later and the fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by qarase , who won democratic elections in september 2001 .
the fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by mr qarase , who won democratic elections in september 2001 .
new legit download service launches with pc users in mind .
buymusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for pc users .
the 30-year bond us30yt = rr rose 22 / 32 for a yield of 4.31 percent , versus 4.35 percent at wednesday 's close .
last week , his lawyers asked warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
gov. linda lingle and members of her staff were at the navy base and watched the launch .
gov. linda lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch .
the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager . "
ebbers ' lawyer , reid weingarten , said despite the thorough investigation , " the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions . "
the justice department filed suit thursday against the state of mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call " disturbing " abuse of juveniles and " unconscionable " conditions at two state-run facilities .
the justice department filed a civil rights lawsuit thursday against the state of mississippi , alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities .
the chelsea defender marcel desailly has been the latest to speak out .
marcel desailly , the france captain and chelsea defender , believes the latter is true .
she was the only woman in her unit and a member of teamsters local 995 .
she was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her teamsters local .
sony ericsson also said it would shut down its gsm / umts r & d center in munich , germany , to increase profitability .
sony ericsson also said it plans to close its r & d site in munich , germany , for gsm and umts handsets .
but the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
china is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside , where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
kansas department of health and environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .
statistics from the kansas department of health and environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year .
the life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .
according to the report , average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990 .
for the full 12-month period , high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent .
we believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .
comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law .
indeed , mr. weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .
still , mr. weill will remain very much a power at the company .
gregory parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
greg parseghian was appointed the new chief executive .
the report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the bali bombings , mukhlas , to farida , a " highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman " .
the report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the bali bombings , mukhlas , as an example of how ji uses marriage to grow .
the cradle of liberty council isn 't the first one to buck the national group 's stance .
philadelphia 's council is not the first to defy the national policy .
" it ' ' s absurd , " funny cide 's trainer barclay tagg said .
meanwhile , funny cide 's trainer , barclay tagg , called the allegations " ridiculous . "
last year , cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated cuban musicians received u.s. visas on time to attend the grammys in los angeles .
cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated cuban musicians received u.s. visas in time to attend the latin grammys .
the american conservatives are clearly in the minority within the episcopal church .
the letter indicates the vatican 's interest in bolstering conservatives within the episcopal church .
the new york senator 's new book , " living history , " appears a certain bestseller .
hillary clinton , the new york senator and former first lady , has a book out monday titled living history .
" canada is a small country , and it needs companies like this , deals like this . "
a passionate nationalist , mr. d 'alessandro said : " canada is a small country , and we need more companies like this . "
police official s.k. tonapi told reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded .
state interior ministry spokesman vasant pitke told reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured .
" jeremy 's a good guy , " barber said , adding : " jeremy is living the dream life of the new york athlete .
he also said shockey is " living the dream life of a new york athlete .
but mitsubishi tokyo financial ( jp : 8306 : news , chart , profile ) declined 3,000 yen , or 0.65 percent , to 456,000 yen .
sumitomo mitsui financial ( jp : 8316 : news , chart , profile ) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen .
about 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional .
the remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional .
in the second quarter , anadarko now expects volume of 46 million boe , down from 48 million boe .
production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels .
u.s. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near tikrit , saddam hussein 's hometown and the center of a region of baath party supporters .
tikrit is saddam hussein 's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of baath party supporters and former high-ranking iraqi military officials .
miodrag zivkovic , of the liberal alliance of montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent dragan hajdukovic got four percent .
miodrag zivkovic , the leader of the pro-independence opposition liberal alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
in the year-ago period , pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .
a year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds .
through thursday , oracle said 34.75 million peoplesoft shares had been tendered .
some 34.7 million shares have been tendered , oracle said in a statement .
yucaipa owned dominick 's before selling the chain to safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .
yucaipa bought dominick 's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to safeway for $ 1.8 billion in 1998 .
graves reported from albuquerque , villafranca from austin and ratcliffe from laredo .
pete slover reported from laredo and gromer jeffers from albuquerque .
a 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .
the 25 percent hike takes annual uc undergraduate tuition to $ 4,794 and graduate fees to $ 5,019 .
the support will come as a free software upgrade called webvpn for current customers that have support contracts .
the upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with smarnet support in january 2004 .
hilsenrath and klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud .
klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud .
the new sensor -- dubbed canary for ' ' cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields ' ' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes .
the team has named the sensor canary , for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields .
one , fort carson-based sgt. ernest bucklew , 33 , had been on his way home to attend his mother 's funeral in pennsylvania .
sgt. ernest bucklew , 33 , was coming home from iraq to bury his mother in pennsylvania .
waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week .
waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year , and he is scheduled to be sentenced june 10 .
the dollar fell as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on friday , and traded at $ 1.1594 at 10 : 15 a.m. in london .
the dollar dropped to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7 : 30 a.m. in london from $ 1.1486 on friday .
during the hearing , morales expressed " sincere regrets and remorse " for his actions .
morales , who pleaded guilty in july , expressed " sincere regret and remorse " for his crimes .
site finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction , galvin said .
through sunday , sept . 21 , site finder has been visited over 65 million times by internet users .
he was tracked to atlanta where he was arrested on tuesday night .
the senate agreed tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
both the house and senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons .
the house has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions , but the senate has failed to do so .
the house has passed bills the past two congresses , but the senate has not .
the elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites .
but for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems , it can be fatal .
ms lafferty 's lawyer , thomas ezzell , told a kentucky newspaper : " my understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen .
" my understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen , " ezzell said .
the bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle .
bishop o 'brien , aged 67 , had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat .
a promotional poster , complete with countdown dial , reminds readers of the upcoming release of " harry potter and the order of the phoenix . "
the crates are full of hardback copies of " harry potter and the order of the phoenix . "
" further testing is still under way , but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , " the specialist said yesterday .
" but at this stage , given the early detection , the outlook in such instances would be positive , " he said .
in morning trading , the dow jones industrial average was up 40.12 , or 0.5 percent , at 8,571.69 , having fallen 51 points monday .
in new york , the dow jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97 .
rich media doubled its share , increasing from 3 % in q2 2002 to 6 % in q2 2003 .
rich media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3 % in second quarter of 2002 , to 6 % in the second quarter of 2003 .
sayliyah was the command base for the iraq war , but central command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to tampa , florida .
as sayliyah was the command base for the iraq war , but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the united states .
sco says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks .
details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks , mcbride said .
the dow jones industrial average .dji ended up 56.79 points , or 0.67 percent , at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since january 17 .
the dow jones industrial average ( $ dj : news , chart , profile ) rose 56 points , or 0.7 percent , to 8,588 .
dennehy , who transferred to baylor last year after getting kicked off the university of new mexico lobos for temper tantrums , had begun to read the bible daily .
dennehy , who transferred to baylor last year after getting kicked off the university of new mexico lobos for temper tantrums , became a born-again christian in june 2002 .
box cutters were used as a weapon by the sept . 11 , 2001 , hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items .
box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks .
on july 22 , moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the u.s. supreme court .
moore of alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation 's highest court .
southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter , and it ended the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash .
southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent .
four versions of windows operating systems are targeted : windows nt , windows 2000 , windows xp and windows server 2003 .
the new worm affects these windows systems : 2000 , xp , nt 4.0 and server 2003 .
shares of mcdonald 's corp. and wendy 's international inc. continued a modest run-up on the new york stock exchange monday .
shares of mcdonald 's and wendy 's continued their recent recovery monday , rising more than 1 percent on the new york stock exchange in afternoon trade .
he playfully chided the senate 's " little bitty tax relief plan . "
we don 't need a little bitty tax relief plan .
looking to buy the latest harry potter ?
harry potter 's latest wizard trick ?
nvidia will take advantage of mediaq customers , which include such players as siemens ag , sharp , philips , dell , mitsubishi and sony corp .
aventis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine .
aventis , based in strasbourg , france , is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it .
michael bloomberg , nyc mayor : " i 'm gonna try march with a number of different groups .
" i 'm going to try to march with a number of different groups , " bloomberg said .
the attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in riyadh on may 12 .
the attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in riyadh on may 12 , for which officials have also blamed al-qaida .
" we put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process , probably later than we should have and now we 're just gaining incredible speed .
" we 've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress , probably later than we should have .
the boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers , which made it hard to see , the chief said .
the boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers , making it hard to see , the chief said .
" but hrt should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition . "
" the clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease , " manson said .
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a lagrou cold storage warehouse in chicago .
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in chicago .
the bluecore3-multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual adc and dac for stereo audio .
bluecore3-multimedia contains an open platform dsp co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual adc and dac for stereo audio .
bremer , 61 , is a onetime assistant to former secretaries of state william p. rogers and henry kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989 .
bremer , 61 , is a former assistant to former secretaries of state william p. rogers and henry kissinger .
taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the united nations-affiliated who for seven years , but again was rebuffed march 19 at its annual conference in geneva .
it has sought observer status for seven years , but was again rebuffed may 19 at the annual who conference in geneva .
a washington county man may have the countys first human case of west nile virus , the health department said friday .
the countys first and only human case of west nile this year was confirmed by health officials on sept . 8 .
national breast cancer centre chief executive professor christine ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women .
national breast cancer centre head professor christine ewan said there was no need for panic .
brendsel and chief financial officer vaughn clarke resigned june 9 .
the company 's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned .
the new companies will begin trading on nasdaq today under the ticker symbols plmo and psrc .
also as part of the deal , palmsource stock will begin trading on the nasdaq stock market wednesday under the ticker symbol : psrc .
kids , adults , booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for " harry potter and the order of the phoenix . "
the government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘ ‘ taikong , ’ ’ the chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission .
the government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong , the chinese word for space .
i think we made the right case and did the right thing . "
mr blair went on : " i think we did the right thing in relation to iraq .
kollar-kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for january .
the judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late january .
the sunshine group ltd represented the developers , the related companies and apollo real estate advisors lp , on the deal .
the developers , the related cos. and apollo real estate advisors , hope sales top $ 1 billion .
" it is about a third of what i owe in the world , " he told reporters .
it ain 't coming to me , but it 's only about a third of what i owe in the world .
the tech-laced nasdaq composite index gained 2.90 points , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 .
at 12 : 10 p.m. edt , canada 's benchmark s & p / tsx composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29 .
the benchmark 10-year treasury note yield < us10yt = rr > dipped below 4.20 percent on tuesday .
prices for treasury securities also rose , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent .
so was edie falco , the critically praised co-star of " frankie and johnny . "
edie falco was not nominated for " frankie and johnny . "
" saddam is gone , but we want the ( u.s. ) occupation to end , " said hit resident abu qasim .
" saddam is gone , but we want the ( u.s. ) occupation to end . "
joe kernan , who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years , was sworn in as governor after o 'bannon died saturday .
kernan , who was o 'bannon 's lieutenant governor , friend and political partner , was sworn in six hours after o 'bannon died saturday .
advanced micro devices said fujitsu siemens computers is offering a high-end workstation based on amd 's opteron 200 series .
fujitsu siemens computers on tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on advanced micro devices ' opteron processor .
analysts surveyed by thomson first call had expected kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter .
he refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals , or whether they would be increased .
he refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board .
the nasdaq composite index rose 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since june 18 .
the s & p 500 had climbed 16 percent since its march low and yesterday closed at its highest since dec. 2 .
they said they had concluded that the film failed " to present a balanced portrayal " of the reagans .
cbs said the show " does not present a balanced portrayal of the reagans for cbs and its audience .
state health officials said today a young northeast kansas woman likely has the state 's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals .
health officials confirmed today that a northeast kansas woman has the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the mississippi river .
navistar shares were down 44 cents , or 1.1 percent , at $ 41.19 on the new york stock exchange after falling as low as $ 39.93 .
navistar shares rose a penny to $ 41.64 at late afternoon on the new york stock exchange after earlier falling as low as $ 39.93 .
only intel corp. ' s 0.3 percent yield was lower .
only intel corp. has a lower dividend yield .
mgm , nbc and liberty executives were not immediately available for comment .
a microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment .
the new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up .
the new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1 / 2 years of follow-up , including 20 women taking hormones .
veteran stage and screen actor hume cronyn died of cancer sunday .
character actor hume cronyn , 91 , died sunday at his home in connecticut .
reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless , huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold .
the three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open .
the supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open , often at reduced hours .
the security official 's backup couldn 't fill in because he was on active military duty , strutt said .
the security official 's backup was on active duty , and the lottery association didn 't have a replacement in new jersey , strutt said .
researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of venezuela , about 250 miles west of caracas .
phoberomys ' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of caracas , venezuela .
mr mcdonnell is leading grant thornton international 's inquiry into the italian business .
mr mcdonnell wants to establish if the italian business followed grant thornton 's audit procedures .
the industry 's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list .
the workers accuse general dynamics of " reverse age discrimination " because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997 .
general dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997 .
the tech-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic eased 5.16 points , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , breaking a six-day string of gains .
the space infrared telescope facility 's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe .
nasa is scheduled to launch the space infrared telescope facility on monday morning .
the respected medical journal lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the united kingdom .
a leading u.k. medical journal called friday for a complete ban on tobacco , prompting outrage from smokers ' groups .
before thursday 's matinee , baker called a clubhouse meeting , concerned that the controversy had distracted the cubs .
baker called a pregame meeting , believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team .
she was taken by ambulance to charing cross hospital in hammersmith .
she was taken to charing cross hospital , where she remained critically ill last night .
shortly after the opening bell , the dow jones industrial average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48 , while the s & p 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33 .
after a weak start , the dow jones industrial average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35 , while the s & p 500 index rose 3 to 980.59 .
in addition , primary care trusts ( pcts ) were given star ratings for the first time this year .
primary care trusts and mental health trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year .
" we are expending all available resources toward the investigation , " said assistant u.s. attorney todd greenberg , a counterterrorism prosecutor in seattle .
" we are aware of the situation , " said assistant us attorney todd greenberg , a counter-terrorism prosecutor in seattle .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic shed 15 points , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index < .spx > edged down 9 points , or 0.98 percent , to 921 .
peoplesoft will commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares , the companies said .
the new deal would be valued at $ 1.75 billion , including $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million peoplesoft shares .
the episcopal diocese of central florida became one of the first in the nation saturday to officially reject the national denomination 's policies on homosexuality .
the episcopal diocese of central florida voted saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination 's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop .
mcgill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the caprice 's trunk .
mcgill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the caprice 's trunk .
that compared with a year-earlier profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share .
that was more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cents a share , for the year-earlier quarter .
california 's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters .
in other markets , u.s. treasuries started off on monday weaker , as stocks rose early .
in other markets , u.s. treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt .
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
the pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision is a victory for secretary of state colin l. powell .
the pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for powell and the state department .
prof sally baldwin , 63 , from york , fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at tiburtina station , italian railway officials said .
sally baldwin , from york , was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at tiburtina station .
it calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization .
the agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority .
the study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online , representing 35 % of all web advertising .
in the second quarter , consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online , slightly increasing their share .
kiernan testified that seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back .
seifert , he testified , had a gunshot wound in the back .
it is priced at $ 5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor , or $ 195 per user with a minimum of five users .
it is priced at $ 5,995 or $ 195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users .
tropical storm heads for pass along honduras coast
tropical storm warnings for southeast coast
suicide bomber kills 21 in nw pakistan
us says ready to help blind chinese activist
u.s. ready to help chinese activist : official
berri says ready to help launch national unity government
the perception of spain has changed dramatically with this government
13 dead in iraq bomb attacks
16 killed in north iraq attacks
hurricane isaac moves inland after landfall
hurricane isaac batters us coast near new orleans
nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash
nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
icc jails congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers
congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
7 soldiers killed , 56 injured in pkk attack in eastern turkey
3 killed , 14 injured in attacks in iraq
mier ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc
cmie cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3 %
activists : syrian troops storm damascus suburb
activist says syrian citizen cameraman killed in homs
tehran : eu sanctions won 't force iran into nuclear talks
low expectations for iran nuclear talks
portugal drownings : uk girl and grandad named
british girl and grandad drown in portugal
iran , powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks
u.s. , iran prepare for istanbul nuclear talks
syrian forces kill teen in aleppo protests
syrian forces kill 3 protesters in damascus-activists
jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in uk
royal mail to create 1,000 jobs
syria fighting rages as russia urges western re-think
syria fighting rages in capital , russia pressed
erdogan 's party submits plan for turkish presidency
erdogan 's party aims for turkish presidency
publisher acquitted in privacy case
pbs publishes new guidelines on impartiality
samsung overtakes nokia in phones
charges over dog attack on police
china backs sri lanka on un resolution
war crimes : china backs lanka on un resolution
ton up : tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred
sachin tendulkar 's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
conspiracy against me - lance
day begins amid panic
mursi takes oath of office , becomes egyptian president
morsi to take oath as first egypt civilian president
syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action
syrian opposition leader criticizes u.s .
syrian forces shell towns , clash with rebels
syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral
greek protesters , police clash as bailout deal in limbo
australians flee homes amid floods
australian speaker steps aside
germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter
eurozone avoids recession in q1 , thanks to germany
asian stocks rise after greek vote eases fears
oil rises after greek election result
two british soldiers killed in afghanistan
obama silent on china dissident
obama to visit korean dmz
suicide bomber kills 6 in afghan capital
syria hands over bodies of journalists
syria tv says govt troops free captive journalists
japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures
oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
japan to deport chinese held over island landing
german court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
romney wins nevada caucus
romney shifts focus to santorum ahead caucuses
apple ipad mini makes debut
apple ipad mini makes debut in asia
hamas hangs three gaza prisoners
myanmar announces release of prisoners
venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
sunday times journalist marie colvin killed in syria
sunday times journalist , french photographer ' killed in syria'
kl shares higher at mid-afternoon
kl shares lower at mid-morning
chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute
chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
israel asks us for arms that could aid iran strike
attacker in afghan uniform kills 2 nato troops
man in afghan army uniform kills nato soldier
cheap generics no panacea for india ’ s poorest
cheap cancer drugs no cure for india 's poorest
hrw : jordan turning away palestinian refugees from syria
report : jordan biased over palestinians from syria
chinese stocks open lower friday
sandy slams into northeast ; at least 18 dead , 7.4m without power
eastern u.s. storms leave 2 dead in va . , 2 million without power
putin declares victory in russia presidential vote
complaints in russian election mount
supreme court to hear voting rights act case
supreme court to hear corporate human rights case
pakistan blocks twitter over anti-islamic material
pakistan blocks twitter over ' blasphemy'
annan to visit syrian refugees in turkey tuesday
annan to visit syrian refugees in turkey before iran
pakistani pm shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel
pakistan avalanche : rescuers search for buried soldiers
opposition leaders emerge to commemorate cambodian workers ' deaths
cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court
mali due to vote for president
mali counts votes after presidential runoff
asiana jet crash lands at san francisco airport
plane crash lands at san francisco airport
blizzard hammers u.s. northeast , five dead , 700,000 lose power
mayor says 14 dead in texas fertilizer plant blast
rescuers search for survivors of texas fertiliser plant blast
cbn reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes
nigeria announces plans to change polymer naira notes
u.s. files espionage charges agains nsa leaker
us files espionage charges against snowden over leaks
where 's rusty ? red panda vanishes from national zoo
missing red panda returned safely to national zoo
u.s. dumps bombs at great barrier reef
u.s. military jettisons bombs near australia 's great barrier reef
38 taliban militants killed in afghanistan
taliban attacks us base in afghanistan
most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the philippines
23 missing as typhoon utor hits philippines
calls for more egypt protests
us government ' on the edge of shutdown'
obama rejects gop offer to ease shutdown
123 killed in fighting in northern syria
critics say putin ’ s security restrictions violate rights
putin 's security decree for sochi draws ire of critics
egypt braces for more protests , prays for calm
egypt braces for more protests over morsi , prays for calm
morsi supporters protest in egypt
morsi backers defiant in face of egypt govt threat
us stocks ease in choppy trading
bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600
algeria mounts military operation to rescue al qaeda hostages
algeria mulls international force for hostages
delhi gang rape victim dies in singapore hospital
delhi gang rape victim flown to singapore hospital
birth control linked with higher glaucoma risk
contraceptive pill ' doubles glaucoma risk'
malaysia sets may 5 as date for closely contested election
malaysia sets date for landmark elections
n korea postpones family reunions
north korea postpones war-torn family unions
syria rejects us , uk chemical arms claims
egypt arrests muslim brotherhood supreme guide
egypt bans muslim brotherhood group
gunmen kill 3 policemen in iraq
news summary for march 11
news summary for january 14
hawaii passes gay marriage bill
us senate passes gay workers bill
syrian opposition urges eu to send arms to rebels
syrian opposition meets to choose interim pm
funeral of oscar pistorius ' girlfriend reeva steenkamp takes place
oscar pistorius ' shot steenkamp in bathroom'
two firefighters killed in new york ambush
two new york firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
mars rover collects first bedrock sample
wawrinka reaches first grand slam final
man who battled fukushima disaster dies of cancer
former plant chief who battled fukushima disaster dies of cancer
iran says nuclear talks to resume next month
iran says capable of jamming foes ' communication systems
us authorities charge man in ricin probe
south african police arrest 50 in farm protest
ferrer cruises into australian open quarter-finals
ferrer beats nishikori to advance to australian open quarterfinals
ubs settles us mortgage lawsuit
ubs settles us mortgage lawsuit and takes £ 600m charge
north , south korea agree to talks
north , south korea hold rare talks
gunmen kill female politician in pakistan
gunmen kill 5 female teachers in pakistan
kardashian divorce ready for trial
hard-hit hotels ready for price war
syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near damascus
syria army continues mop-up operations near damascus
syrian pm survives bomb attack
syrian pm survives bomb attack in capital
us stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
stock futures edge higher , all eyes on fed
bomb blast kills 10 in southwest pakistan
major quake kills 39 in pakistan
david cameron puts sri lanka on notice over war crime allegations
sri lanka warned over war crime allegations
morsi supporters clash with riot police in cairo
protesters clash with riot police in kiev
afghan police kill 5 taliban fighters
5 taliban , 5 afghan police killed in ambushes
japan revises gdp growth to annual 1.1 pct in q3
japan ’ s gdp growth downgraded to annual 1.1 %
the foundations of south africa are built on nelson mandela 's memory
australian politicians lament over nelson mandela 's death
ukraine protest leaders name ministers , russian troops on alert
ukraine refuses to act against russian ' provocation'
malala , snowden , belarusians short-listed for sakharov prize
fugitive snowden short-listed for european rights prize
elbaradei to become egyptian pm
liberal elbaradei named egypt pm , islamists cry foul
taiwan 's economy grows 2.27 % in april-june quarter
china 's economic growth rebounds to 7.8 % in latest quarter
tamerlan tsarnaev buried in virginia
state dept. issues wide travel alert , says terror attack possible
us issues global travel alert , cites al-qaida threat
singapore stocks end down 0.45 %
russia warns ukraine against eu deal
rebels down ukraine helicopters
hernandez double gives mexico victory
hernandez double gives mexico victory over japan
china sacks top economic official
china fm hosts senior asean officials
storm buries northeast ; 16 inches of snow in nj
forum urges stable relations for china , japan
jamaican connection in liverpool 's win
japan election : shinzo abe hails landslide win
international weapons experts leave syria , obama to make statement
weapons experts leave syria , u.s. prepares attack
southwest jet hit nose first
southwest jet 's nose gear landed first
gunmen kill nine in southwest pakistan : police
obama lashes north korea as pariah state
obama lashes north korea as weak ‚ äėpariah state ‚ äô
colombia strike three times
colombia too slick for greece
lord palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son james
oscar pistorius sent for mental evaluation : what will it mean ?
deputy speaker faces new sex claims
deputy speaker nigel evans re-arrested
suicide bomb kills 4 , injures 13 in pakistan
twitter blocks content in pakistan
ukraine rebels ' flee eastern stronghold'
ukraine claims rebels flushed from main stronghold
4 foreigners among 9 killed in kabul hotel attack
foreigners among dead in kabul hotel attack
firefighters battle forest fire in sw china
firefighters battling scrub fire in hokianga
hassan rouhani wins iran 's presidential election
maduro wins venezuelan presidential vote
red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army
oil rig spat : beijing not to send army
russia praises idea to render rights assistance to ukraine
russia detains suspected islamist militants in moscow raid
car bombs kill at least 16 in iraqi capital
car bombs kill at least 47 in baghdad area
saudi arabia gets a seat at the un security council
saudi arabia rejects seat on un security council
us drone strike kills 11 in pakistan
us drone kills 16 in pakistan
20 killed in bomb attack at pakistani base
shenzhen stock indices close higher monday
shenzhen stock indices close lower -- oct. 31
prince harry pays tribute to us war dead
15 dead in iraq attacks , bomb at football pitch
46 dead in iraq attack blitz
myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence
ban warns syria strikes could worsen sectarian violence
iran official : us visa denial to iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks
iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
gov 'ts , groups pledge millions for typhoon relief
canada promises $ 5-million in typhoon relief
beaten florida teen released in israel
palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in israeli shooting
iran , sextet to resume expert talks
iran upbeat on ' useful ' expert-level nuke talks
bangladesh collapse search over ; death toll 1,127
bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
what the papers say , dec. 30 , 2013
5 nations meet on haze
putin 's marriage at an end
bomber strikes near pakistan army hq
bombing outside restaurant in pakistan wounds 15
suicide attack kills eight in baghdad
suicide attacks kill 24 people in baghdad
israel forces kill 2 palestinian militants
israeli army kills palestinian militant in raid
death toll ' rises to 17 ' after typhoon strikes japan
death toll rises to 84 in pakistan floods
headlines in major iranian newspapers on dec 14
headlines in major iranian newspapers on july 29
iran warns of spillover of possible war on syria
iranian delegation heads to lebanon , syria
former pakistan president pervez musharraf arrested again
former pakistan military ruler pervez musharraf granted bail
us drone strike ' kills 4 militants in pakistan'
us drone strike kills 10 in pakistan
air strike kills one man in syria 's hama
us drone strike kills eleven in pakistan
turkish pm , president clash over reply to protests
turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
luxembourg pm quits amid spying scandal
luxembourg votes after spying row
3 dead , 4 missing in central china construction accident
one dead , 8 missing in vietnam boat accident
us , china fail to paper over cracks in ties
china : relief in focus as hope for missing fades
world cup live : france 0-0 germany
world cup live : germany 0-0 ghana
us drone strike kills eight in waziristan
goa building collapse death toll touches 15
indian building collapse deaths rise to 14
pak religious body endorses underage marriage
cii endorses underage marriage
redford touts alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership
redford addresses pc convention ahead of leadership review
obama holds out over syria strikes
uk urges countries over syria aid
tycoon claims win in ukraine and promises to seek future in eu
uk 's cameron : syria , russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine
militant attack from afghanistan kills four in upper dir
militant attack from afghanistan kills fc soldier in balochistan
13 killed in afgan terror attack
6 killed in afghan capital mosque attack
rev 's early reads : march 2
rev. ' s early reads : sept . 3rd , 2015
pope canonizes 2 palestinians
sweden recognizes palestinian state
funeral of ian paisley to take place in belfast
funeral of mh17 victim liam sweeney takes place in newcastle
waba emerges new nlc president
waiting for the next president
5 us airstrikes target islamic state fighters
kurds see turkey impeding islamic state fight
us senate votes to advance iran nuclear review bill
us scientists praise iran nuclear deal
editors from around the world urge turkey to protect media
media freedom at stake as turkey fights rebels
philippines , canada pledge to further boost relations
philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
israel bars palestinians from jerusalem 's old city
two-state solution between palestinians , israel pie in sky
how much do you know about secret service ?
lawmakers from both sides express outrage at secret service
obama struggles to soothe saudi fears as iran talks resume
myanmar struggles to finalize voter lists for sunday polls
south korea declares end to mers outbreak
north korea delegation meets with south korean officials
just want to give a big #shoutout to my #1 man these days, @realDonaldTrump Get 'er done, big guy!!
Neither practice is especially common among lesbians , however .
It does not usually happen with lesbians , however .
Then children step up for their parents.
parents care about kids and kids then about parents.
Some of the films on this list are also considered to be `` auteur '' films , independent films , or experimental films .
Some people call them art movies , independent films , indie films , arthouse films , auteur films or experimental films .
You were going to have a few friends over?
weren't there just some of your friends?
A basketball player wearing an orange uniform looks backwards.
The basketball player is wearing orange sneakers.
Deuce is having some trouble locating the wand.
it's Deuce's problems to locate his wand.
Here is a good website to visit:
Visit the website ultimate-guitar.com and search for the tabs.
Immediately below me a large chamber had been laid open.
the large chamber was now beneath me.
From far away you feel silence and darkness approaching.
the distance comes dark and quiet.
None of her fans do, why?
just enjoy her music, but non of her fans, why?
I still find it unbelievable how much better the show is.
Maybe I just like the TV show better.
Deeper Than Midnight is the story of Hunter and Corinne.
And truly, I loved it, especially the way we see Hunter and Corinne kiss in a little New Orleans bar for their very first time.
How can you be "against abortion" and also want to take away all the free birth control clinics for the poor? How?
Coming from a female that was taken away the ability to have children. I still believe women should have the ability to choose.
A young child stands on a rock near a pond.
The young child sits upon the rocks at the park.
I do not believe so; you will have to decide.
not really, you have to be the judge
The town of Lexington was established on May 6 , 1782 , by an act of the Virginia General Assembly .
A fort was begun at the same spot in 1779 , and by 1782 there was a town here known as Lexington , Virginia .
The British launched two unsuccessful counterattacks but fought off Italian attacks on two further hills .
The British launched two unsuccessful counterattacks but the next day were forced to abandon two other nearby hills .
At six o clock in the morning 1500 euro of drinks they did not eat.
at 6 a.m., I have to pay 1536 euros for food and drink.
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball.
Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
why don't u just check out his website.
Go to the Lost website, and check it out!
Air New Zealand 's route network focuses on Australasia and the South Pacific , with long-haul services to Asia , Europe and North America .
It flies mainly in Australasia and South Pacific , but it also has services to Europe , North America and Asia .
Give me one minute. Let me just finish what I am doing here.
just give me a second. I'll just do something.
Sweet Dreams" by Linda Winstead Jones - This one was not so much romance as horror.
Linda Winstead Jones' "Sweet Dreams" brought action to the book that was an unexpected delight!
A person in a orange jumpsuit working on a railroad tie.
Older man in orange jumpsuit holding a water hose.
In January 1830 Sturt 's party reached the confluence of the Murrumbidgee and a much larger river , which Sturt named the Murray River .
From there Sturt used a small boat to travel down the river and reached the Murray River on January 14 , 1830 .
An implementation mechanism for these rules; (c) Appropriate compliance monitoring mechanisms.
(C) adequate mechanisms to monitor compliance with the rules.
They go in and out a bit, don't they?
they're going a little bit out there, aren't they?
In practice , the drives are often the same ages , with similar wear .
In practice , however , the drives were often bought together .
I liked learning a little bit more about Kate and Henry, James too.
James feeds Kate's insecurity and is using Kate to best Henry, plus James is manipulative!
No security system could be that absolute under the circumstances.
in such circumstances, the absolute security system was not provided.
A man in shorts skateboards down the street.
A young man skateboards off a pink railing.
Soccer players are on a field, one about to kick a ball, and another trying to steal it from him.
A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.
I'm sorry about the quality of the pictures.
It's third or fourth generation from the quality.
The fruit is thinly sliced and soaked or cooked in honey or sugar to create a chunky syrup .
This versatile dish is often topped with sugar , butter , fruit , syrup , or other items .
Its acoustics changed abruptly; it was as if it had suddenly become much larger.
she suddenly had a different acoustics, as if she had suddenly gotten bigger.
I really liked Vigholf and Rhona.
This book is also about Rhona & Vigholf.
Overall, Sanderson's short story writing isn't as enthralling as his novel-length writing.
A much spookier story than most of Sanderson's work.
Freddy would win look what he did to Jason??
I sympathized with Jason in the movie Freddy vs. Jason.
It was with difficulty that he achieved his signature.
he signed up with the difficulties.
But Kenzie seems to have given him a reason to lighten up.
Ethan, with the help of Kenzie, is a tad less defensive, a tad less sulky and whiny.
If you're a fan of YA fantasy, look no further than Krystal Wade's debut novel WILDE'S FIRE.
I am definitely rooting for love and light to win the day over darkness and looking forward to Krystal Wade's future novels.
Children participate in a sack race.
Of those , six became hurricanes , of which five became major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir Simpson Scale .
Hurricane Felix was a destructive Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale , that struck Central America in 2007 .
This station's supposed to be closed. What were they doing here?
why did they come to the closed station?
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball.
A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball.
An escopetarra is a guitar made from a modified gun , used as a peace symbol .
The first escopetarra in 2003 was made from a Winchester rifle and a Stratocaster electric guitar .
He crossed the road with the cart.
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
I imagined Kaylee hysterical and screaming.
And Kaylee has no idea why she is screaming.
An outdoor market vendor reaches up with a pole to knock rainwater off of the tarp covering her stall.
Vendors are selling their goods, in an outdoor food market, while shoppers make purchases.
Port Arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .
It was for young boys , some as young as 9 , like James Lynch , arrested for stealing toys .
The amniotes spread across the globe and became the dominant land vertebrates .
Almost all vertebrates that live mainly on land are amniotes .
Sorry but that is the truth!!
The Cholistan Desert adjoins the Thar desert spreading into Pakistani Punjab province .
In Pakistan 's Punjab province it is known as the Cholistan desert .
As always- never read a bad Nora Roberts yet!
Typical Nora Roberts, as she draws you right in.
A man by himself fishing in a river that runs through a city.
A male is standing in a river and fishing and is holding a net.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
Cinder became Cinderella and poor Ella became nonexistent to her mother.
A clever twist on the classic Cinderella story.
I need more Izzy, Dex, and Romy!
I also really liked DEX, Izzy, Anderson, and Romy.
The town of Dobele has a Cultural Centre as well as a museum .
Dobele is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917 .
How does that make this fan fiction?
In my mind, it's fan fiction.
Niagara Falls is divided into the Horseshoe Falls and the American Falls .
The Horseshoe Falls are the largest out of the three falls .
A dizzying abyss suddenly opens before me.
here it opens up a dizzying chasm.
'Cause I'd tell you if I was.
because I would have told you if I had one.
Even parodies of `` I Kissed a Girl '' are seeing chart success .
It 's not even half as good as Jill Sobule 's song ' I Kissed a Girl ' '' .
If there are dimensions to the thermodynamic space , then there are unique thermodynamic potentials .
In thermodynamics , thermodynamic potentials are parameters associated with a thermodynamic system and have the dimensions of energy .
Its natural habitats are forest and woodland , primarily humid .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and rivers .
Several battalions are grouped to form a regiment or a brigade .
More that one battalions are often make up a regiment or a brigade .
Man looking at a computer screen in a lab coat.
Man with goatee looking at a computer screen.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
And most recently, The Dreadful Tale of Prosper Redding came along.
The Dreadful Tale of Prosper Redding is perfect for this time of year!
Each story here has good balance of beautiful and dark messages.
Each story here has a beautiful message.
But i loved it and hope the final version is published!
I hope this book gets published soon cause i need to know what happens next!
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach.
If you use a file sharing program...
The brewery is renowned for its dark, strong beers.
in particular, the production of strong dark beer was known.
A laboratory is a facility that provides controlled conditions in which scientific research , experiments , and measurement may be performed .
A laboratory is a work place where scientific research , experiments , or measurement are done .
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
Brazil leader promises reform vote
Joshua Bell made his Carnegie Hall debut in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
In 1930 , Szell made his United States debut with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra .
Nilo Murtinho Braga , best known as Nilo was a Brazilian footballer in forward striker role .
Manuel Marinho Alves , best known as Maneca was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Polls open in Russian presidential election
young man sleeping in chair inside large study room
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair, computer banks behind him.
As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.
Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.
Billy Graham has conducted many evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
He has been to over 41 evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
What's that expression? feeling good about the economy.
how to express it? Good feeling is of economics.
It was named in August 2003 , from Norse mythology , where Ymir is the ancestor of all the Jotuns or frost giants .
It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology , where Suttung is a Jotun or giant who once owned the mead of poetry .
Jennifer L. Armentrout may be one of my most favorite new authors!!
It's a jennifer l armentrout book, so of course i'd love it!!
It swept out like lightning, flash after flash.
the glint behind the flash of lightning flashed.
When Stanwyck 's film career declined in 1957 , she moved to television .
Barbara Stanwyck was an American actress of film , stage , and television .
Even the windows are blown from neighborhood buildings
surrounding buildings are damaged, the windows of the surrounding buildings are broken.
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers .
In modern cryptography , symmetric key ciphers are generally divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers .
I love a guy who makes me laugh alot.
Give him a smile or do something which makes her laugh at you.
Yara, & Treygan are awesome characters that I couldn't get enough of.
Yara got on my nerves for about the first third of the book.
You visit the www.bearshare.com or the www.limewire.com websites, then you download.
A long-haired black and brown dog runs through the grass.
The birth was a difficult one, and it left the countess unable to conceive.
the countess had a difficult birth, and she couldn't bear any more.
He and Despina have the funniest and wittiest interactions.
This made me love Despina so much more than I did already.
The Opel Sintra is a large MPV manufactured by General Motors for the European market between 1996 and 1999 .
The Opel/Vauxhall Sintra is an Large MPV produced by Opel from 1996 to 2000 .
I didn't connect with the story and the parts that were supposed to be exciting just didn't do it for me.
it didn't focus much on the love story but the part when each exposed their feelings was something, felt it all the way thru.
Glenn is a conflicted heroine, forced to negotiate between her own agenda and the tasks that circumstance have forced upon her.
It isn't a perfect world, but it's endured, much like Glenn and her father have in their own small way.
The story becomes a retelling of Sleeping Beauty.
A retelling of the Sleeping Beauty fairy tale with a Russian twist.
On January 31 , 2007 Michael Dell returned to the company as CEO .
It is named after Michael Dell , the CEO and creator of the company .
He named his fragrance Eau de Cologne , in honor of his new hometown .
Eau de Cologne , or just `` cologne '' , has now become a generic term .
It is a junction station with a disused branch line to Naushahro Feroze .
Naushahro Feroze , is town in Naushahro Feroze district , Sindh , Pakistan .
I don't plan on ever having an abortion, but here's the thing ...I don't think anyone ever PLANS on it.
Dear #BristolPalin. STOP. Just FUCKING STOP. You have choices. It's called #abortion. Take it or leave it but quit whining. #fem2
little girl in pink dress running in grass
A little girl sits in a grassy field with a doll at her side.
A tropical wave that moved off the African coast formed into a tropical depression 300 n mi southeast of Cape Verde on August 19 .
A tropical wave off the coast of Africa organized into Tropical Depression Seven on September 7 while near the Cape Verde islands .
Subsidies: data detailing subsidies received during the accounting year by the holding.
subsidy: The subsidy obtained by the undertaking during the financial year.
the temperature dropped, as well as the temperature of my heart.
The temperature dropped two or three degrees.
Apple incorporated several features in the design of the MacBook Air to make it more environmentally friendly .
When the MacBook Air was introduced , Apple described it as the `` world 's thinnest notebook '' .
Underfloor radiant heating has long been widespread in China and Korea .
The most common kind of radiant heating is underfloor heating .
a woman drinks a beer as a man shows her something on his laptop
A woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop.
Geared toward the "tween" set, it is still enjoyable for adults.
Even though I'm not the target audience (young adults) for this book, I enjoyed it immensely.
He might be at the Stardust next year
maybe in Rivie next year, maybe in Stardust.
Nice girls Don't Date Date men is funnier than the first book in the series (Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs).
I really enjoyed the pop culture reference lovin Jane Jameson in Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men.
Let me at least be burned with it.
I wish he would at least burn me.
But The Evolution of Mara Dyer proved me wrong.
With The Evolution of Mara Dyer, thankfully, the romance is dialed down a lot.
We need someine to bring this country back to life! @realDonaldTrump resuscitate America!
I'm voting for Donald Trump this election #waitonit
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard.
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow.
The science fiction 'breeder' type book.
It is a beautiful mix of science fiction, paranormal and romance.
I love the addition of Maud and Helen.
Having Maud and Helen reenter Dina's life was one of the best parts about the story.
She is a mighty enchantress, is she?
it's a powerful incantation and sorceress, isn't it?
There are also two cities in North Yorkshire .
Towns in North Yorkshire , England , UK .
Reading it made me realise why Terry Pratchett is one of the most read authors.
Pratchett is hilarious, though; I found myself audibly laughing many times while reading this.
While Korum is the dominate, Mia knows how to fight him for what she wants.
However, there are instances where the relationship between Korum and Mia becomes very male dominant.
I really enjoyed this book from Edwards prospective.
Twilight from Edward's perspective, sure to be a guilty pleasure.
If you enjoy Young Adult Paranormal books, this is a pretty great choice for you.
I recommend this book especially if you enjoyed movies like "The Craft".
A man and a child are at the water's edge.
A man and a woman sitting on a ledge close to a body of water.
However, Kate Messner could have not written it any more accurately than she did.
THE SEVENTH WISH by Kate Messner blends everyday life with a wish-giving fish.
The Qingzang railway linking the region to Qinghai in China proper was opened in 2006 .
A railway line , the Qingzang railway , has been built , linking China to Lhasa .
@HillaryClinton You have proven your dishonesty once again in flip flopping on this issue. People know you were opposed before.
#HILLARY has been lying for so long that her first fib was in morse code #HillNo2016
Last March 3, I had the chance to meet Tahere Mafi and Ransom Riggs.
As good if not better than the 1st one and Tahereh Mafi .. Oh Tahereh Mafi is my queen.
Tropical Depression Seven formed from a tropical wave on September 7 .
Tropical Depression 14 formed from a tropical wave on October 14 .
@realDonaldTrump Sir, i just want you to know that you'll be the greatest President of this Generation!
You can search on the website "Youtube
Why not search for some information on their website?
MULLINSKY IS A FALL GUY, HE TAKES LOTS OF RISKS AND HAS A LOT OF MONEY
Lots of money, often with lots of risks Mullinsky - A fall guy.
I particularly love the detail provided about faery existence, breeding and storytelling.
I loved the faery expressions; one in particular stuck out as very clever: "That's a very heavy acorn for such a little twig.
The law of Charlemagne was based on Salic Law , an influence as great as that of Greece and Rome .
It stayed important in parts of western Europe for a long time because Charlemagne based his laws on the Salic law .
When Connor is attacked by Cabhan it puts Meara completely of her stride.
This is the story of Connor O'Dwyer and Meara Quinn.
I believe in lust at first sight, but love?
You ask him to leave his wife and he teases you?
He obviously loves his wife and has no plans to leave her.
You should leave if you are there for your children.
Then, hurry up and leave quickly, and do not forget the children!
He recorded for Chess in 1950 , and was once again denied release .
He later recorded for Chess was still the music was never released .
The Gist Daisy Giordano is the odd one out in her family.
Daisy Giordano is the only "norm" in a family of psychics.
This template converts ONS codes to population , rank & density for Scottish councils .
This template converts ONS codes to political control for Scottish councils .
He was the son of Nicolas Desmarest .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines , in the department of Aube .
I know this review is super short, but what can I say.
A short review for a short novella.
His parents were Queen Jeanne III and King Antoine of Navarre .
He was the son of Antoine de Bourbon and Jeanne of Navarre .
UNO 's athletic teams participate in the Sun Belt Conference .
The schools teams are a part of the Sun Belt Conference .
the problem isn't who has money.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
The Elementals is more of a southern gothic horror novel more than straight up spooks.
Southern Gothic at it's best !
@realDonaldTrump Some people just want to be president. Others want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If that event occurs, I do know where I want to move to.
If it does I know where I'm moving.
Hitting Jacen harder than the jolt from the explosion was Jaina's shocked anguish.
before the aftershock, he was struck by Jacena Jainin's shock and pain.
- We see too little of Royce and Hadrian.
the clitoris and nipples because they are the most sensitive
Some women have very sensitive nipples and some don't.
Children in blue shirts do homework around a large table.
Nine kids sit at a table, doing homework.
Bruno Walter was a German-born conductor and composer .
Ludwig von Brenner was a German conductor and composer .
Oh, five to seven days for the 'A' group.
by A Group in about seven days.
A bicycle is incompletely hidden in the weeds at the side of the road.
in the grasses by the road, he connected the hidden bicycle.
Be confident - but not cocky.
Www.imdb.com is an excellent place to confirm that information.
For more information on Robyn Rihanna Fenty, go to www.imdb.com.
I enjoyed the story for the most part, but way too much time was spent dwelling on Mare as a prisoner.
Can Mare escape her imprisonment before time runs out?
You like that song dear Mamma by Tupac.
Copy the song 'Dear Mother' by Tupac.
Have you ever heard of Arne & Carlos ?
did you hear about Arlo and Karlos?
The episode aired on December 5 , 1991 .
The episode aired on January 10 , 1991 .
Beauty and the Beast is my favorite fairy tale, and I still fully enjoyed Robin McKinley's retelling of it.
Of course the Beast and Beauty end up falling in love, but I'm not entirely sure why.
There was something otherworldly in Amy Harmon's simple yet eloquent, lyrical writing.
Once more, Amy Harmon enchanted me with her incredible talent.
A young child in a stroller wearing a green jacket.
a blond child is sleeping in a stroller.
Many characters in the beast role have very little contributing the the beast aspect.
It's a really different take on the Beauty & the Beast story; with a great introduction to the main characters.
A child kicks a soccer ball.
A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.
But my favourite part of that series was Ridley Duchannes.
I felt like I was reading about a weak, confused, love sick character who just happened to be named Ridley.
She is credited with starting Israel 's annual Hebrew Book Week .
She starting the Annual Hebrew Book Week in 1926 .
In physics , Compton scattering is a type of scattering that X-rays and gamma rays undergo in matter .
This scattering is one of the main things that happen when gamma rays meet matter .
The music on limewire is free but it is against the law.
From there, and from a billion other worlds Dust flows.
the dust flows out of billions of worlds.
a gate began to open in front of the coach.
After removing the padlock, she pushed the gate open.
since other solutions would not enable the objectives pursued, the best legal instrument is the Regulation.
As regards the legislative form of the instrument, a Regulation appears as the most appropriate taking into account both the problems and objectives identified.
He sometimes includes North Africa in his definition of Eurasia .
Sometimes Eurasia is divided into West Eurasia and East Eurasia .
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
Go to see the movie Memoirs of a Geisha, it is a beautiful movie.
I just took my girlfriend to see the movie Memoirs of a Geisha.
That was really the biggest downfall of this for me and the reason I had to give it only a 3.5 stars.
** spoiler alert ** (3.5 Stars) Spoilers shall abound.
It's a struggle sometimes to find an easy, light paranormal romance.
The start of a nice paranormal romance series.
A child sits on top of a large tree stump.
A man and a woman are relaxing with a child among the trees.
Argentina claimed South Georgia in 1927 , and the South Sandwich Islands in 1938 .
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands are an overseas territory of the United Kingdom claimed by Argentina .
This makes the Tipulidae the largest family of Diptera .
This means that the Tipulidae are the largest group of flies .
Young lady in bikini lying on the beach
A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach.
Two young ladies sitting on a bench eating ice cream cones.
A young girl in a blue shirt is eating an ice cream cone.
A nice, but rather light, sequel to the Curse of Chalion.
Enjoyed further exploration of the Chalion world.
Two older women working their spindles diligently.
Two old women enjoying at a gathering.
Three men riding horses in a rodeo.
Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo.
This is the actual color of the dye from the indigo plant when swatched onto raw fabric .
Indigo is a dye made from the indigo plant , used to dye cloth .
Although it's sometimes hard not to, I never question fate.
Sometimes you have to takes a chance and allow fate to run its course.
Well, your phone and Ed's phone say otherwise.
all right, yours and Ed's phone call it something.
A group of people are eating together.
Two friends are eating at a cafe.
Vigoda was born in New York City , the son of Lena and Samuel Vigoda , Jewish immigrants from Russia .
In 1982 , People magazine said that Vigoda had died , even though he did not .
Who asked if you ever had a girlfriend?
then when asked have you ever even had a girlfriend, dude?
I've waited through four books for their story, but trust me on this one, it was worth it!
I certainly didn't see the ending coming, but it has left me eagerly waiting for the next book.
Tackey & Tsubasa are a Japanese idol duo from Johnny & Associates .
SMAP is a Japanese idol group formed by Johnny & Associates .
A t-shirt with Metallica's Master of Puppets on it.
Check out , Master of puppets coz' its supercool.
The primary lineup consisted of vocalist Roger Daltrey , guitarist Pete Townshend , bassist John Entwistle , and drummer Keith Moon .
The band 's line-up consists of vocalist Sonny Sandoval , drummer Wuv Bernardo , guitarist Marcos Curiel , and bassist Traa Daniels .
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons , with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series .
In his career , he has won 15 top-level doubles titles and $ 1,027,625 in prize money .
The next moment he and his four men were in the store-shed with whips in their hands, lashing out in all directions.
in a moment, he ran in with four of his men and began to whip his head.
yep, aren't they gonna make the movie until the 7th book?
I think Harry Potter may die in the 7th book of the series.
Wexford has one rugby club , called Wexford Wanderers .
Wexford is the county town of County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland .
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
Prompted by the modern Airbus A320 , Boeing initiated development of an updated series of aircraft in 1991 .
By the early 1990s , it became clear that the new Airbus A320 was a serious threat to Boeing 's market share .
My favourite of all the plays.
It is perhaps one of my favourite Shakespeare plays.
Can not wait to see what Trisha Wolfe gives us next...and hoping we don't have to wait long!
Trisha Wolfe did an amazing job writing the characters and there relationships.
Aung San Suu Kyi proclaimed `` a new dawn for the country '' .
Aung San Suu Kyi was the third child in her family .
sheep standing in afield.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
They might have been discussing rune-bone games.
they could be talking about the game-bone game.
Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump gonna be on @greta show right now! #greta #TrumpIsRight
GParted and KDE Partition Manager are graphical programs using the parted libraries .
GParted is a graphical program using the parted libraries .
Troll 3 is a 1990 horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and Fabrizio Laurenti .
Troll 2 is a 1990 horror film , directed by Claudio Fragasso , under the pseudonym Drake Floyd .
And I certainly won't let this stop me from reading her new novel, Dorothy Must Die.
I won't give anything away, but we see how Dorothy turns into the person she is in Dorothy Must Die.
This book could inspire homicidal tendencies simply by existing!
Laurent could inspire homicidal tendencies simply by breathing.
Failed to install agent on %1, rc=%2!ld!
installation of an agent in% 1 failed, hr =% 2! LX!.
Well,I guess there'sa first time for everything.
I think it's all for the first time.
On August 2 , a tropical storm hit Northeastern Florida .
In early October , a hurricane caused damage and erosion to northeastern Florida .
He tired of the lack of discipline of the Grande Bande and , with the King 's permission , formed his own Petits Violons .
They were not very good , so he got the king 's permission to start another group which he called Petits Violons .
Alastor was also a pleasant surprise.
I loved the internal dialog between Alastor and Prosper.
Three young musician in a band performing by female singing and two males playing guitars.
A band made up of a guitarist, bass guitarist, drummer, and female vocalist performs at a well lit venue.
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook.
A girl sitting at a desk writing in a notebook.
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.
Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
When you fell from Heaven, what did you say?
A topless mannequin is photographed next to a blue car.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
Lark and Wren come to make some friends within this group.
I was completely engrossed by the strange relationship between Lark and Wren and how it has affected both their family and the school lives.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
A young girl is preparing to blow on a dandelion in her hand.
In 2007 , MIT formed the Kerberos Consortium to foster continued development .
MIT developed Kerberos to protect network services provided by Project Athena .
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Hillary is killing it so far on the trail. She's finally showing her personal side and I think it will benefit her profoundly.
Thank you @HillaryClinton for your support of the LGBT community. On this historic day I thank you for giving us hope.
Jesus of Suburbia by Green Day does not apply to that.
Green Day Jesus of Suberbia I think
Tripe is eaten in many parts of the world . Tripe dishes include :
Tripe is part of an animal 's stomach often served as food .
With tears streaming down my cheeks, Kate Messner captured the cunning, baffling, and powerful disease of addiction in a way that left me speechless.
Great book by Kate Messner that explores the dynamics of sisters when one goes off to college, Irish step dancing and ice fishing.
He loves that show Yo Momma.
Just watch Yo Momma on MTV
The only thing I wish was different is that I just want so much more of Juliette and Warner.
What happened in Ignite Me between Juliette and Warner was what I anticipated.
1966 was a common year starting on Saturday of the 1966 Gregorian calendar .
1950 was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
This enabled Roh to win by a narrow margin and become the country 's first democratically elected president .
This made Roh the first elected president after the time that the military ruled the country .
Napoleon made him the King of Holland on June 5 , 1806 .
In 1806 the Kingdom of Holland replaced the republic to further French interests .
That took me five minutes, but I finished.
This task will take five to ten minutes to complete.
A few people white water rafting.
A kayaking team in red paddles down through the water.
Only one thing had the potential to spoil this book.
The only thought I had for most of this book was heartbreak.
Ashelin leaves him , but later , Jak changes his mind and makes the journey via transport to Haven City .
Further throughout the game , Ashelin , asks Jak to come back to Haven City .
Colin Matthew Delaney is an American professional wrestler , best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment .
Randal `` Randy '' Keith Orton is an American professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand .
@realDonaldTrump @PamplinFilmCo We needs some Ballz back in the WH..
@realDonaldTrump Let's face it, we've become a passive, inert nation controlled by thugs, and redistributionists.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Patrick Sharp is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
Niklas Hjalmarsson is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
The British Rail Derby Lightweight diesel multiple units , were the first such trains to be built en-masse for British Railways .
The British Rail Class 44 or Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Railways ' Derby Works between 1959 to 1960 .
A group of three dogs running across a rocky, sandy beach.
Until recently , Red Pandas were captured and sold to zoos .
In recent years , more zoos in Japan are breeding Red Pandas .
Seasonal rankings of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air on NBC .
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was a popular American television series .
I enjoy that he casts Johnny Depp in almost all of his movies.
Johnny Depp is great and I am his biggest fan.
The Village of Red Hook is in the Town of Red Hook , located on US Route 9 .
The Village of Red Hook is a community in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
The Covenant series will always be my favorite of mine.
I am in love with this series and will have a review up for you as soon as I gather my thoughts.
A small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod.
A girl shows a small child her camera.
Send her items such as candy and/or flowers.
Hardy returned to TNA on July 21 and was awarded a shot at the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
Hardy challenged for the title on September 8 , losing to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Jarrett .
@WildChild69 No, U want 2 limit the doctor's choice & force him/her to help w/ abortions. I want to protect life & human dignity.
@WildChild69 Typo - I meant to say "dies" - With every abortion @ least one human dies.
A band, including a keyboard player, guitarist, and drummer, perform on a stage illuminated by pink lights.
A male vocalist and his accompanying guitarist wearing white pants are performing on stage.
The captain planet song is stuck in my head.
A group of young people sitting around visiting and drinking water and sodas.
Unable to update the interface's configuration at this time.
update the channel configuration. Update the icon.
Three dead in US marathon bomb
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Just go easy on them. They are the best in the way that they are. After all, not everyone is like that. (Just kidding.)
(JUST KIDDIND) JUST GO EASY ON THEM.THEY R THE BEST IN THE WAY THEY R.AFTERALL NOT EVERYONE R!!
Year 1682 was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
@Reince Facts confirm what we knew. Used server to prevent e-mails from becoming public records. Like Obama, no transparency.
@CorrectRecord is quite obsessed with emails and transparency. Why did Hillary Clinton destroy her emails? #clintonemail
I loved the scenes between Bella and Edward.
Bella loves Jacob but not the way she loves Edward.
Mary Magdalene is the most well-known of the disciples outside of the Twelve .
In Catholic folklore , Mary , the sister of Lazarus , is seen as the same as Mary Magdalene .
A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset.
Two people sitting on the beach at sunset.
Flinn takes a handful of lesser known fairytales and mashes them together to make one story - and it totally works.
This was a pretty cute story that brought in a lot of lesser known fairytales.
Tayse looks at Senneth thoughtfully and silently admires her.
I would be interested to read more in this series, especially if we get to see more of Senneth and Tayse.
Tree stems consist mainly of support and transport tissues .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
A man is slicing potato.
Progonomys is thought to be the ancestor of Mus and relatives , while Karnimata is thought to lead to Rattus and relatives .
Likewise , two genera , Progonomys and Karnimata are thought to derive directly from Antemus .
She might experience some difficulty in the beginning.
In the beginning, the experience is not pleasant.
3.5 stars Hunted by the Others is a solid start to Jess Haines' H&W Investigations series.
Although I have some reservations with Hunted by the Others , I am still interested to see where Jess Haines takes us with the sequel.
Trump, the best thing to happen to the Republican Party or should I say the Democratic Party. #keeptalking
and about your crush, why is he heart broken?
I did not enjoy having my heart broken.
Send home all the children set to be offered to Ming!
all the kids designated for Ming will be sent home right away.
@glennbeck I would like to see poll: How many abortion doctors have told a woman "No, an abortion is not required in your case.
@LifeNewsHQ 22wks is too late to be able to have a termination in my opinion, these triplets are babies not a bunch of cells.
Fermium is the eighth transuranic element .
Fermium is a chemical element .
Willy again refuses and eventually tells Charley that he was fired .
Charley offers Willy a job , but Willy refuses .
A draft act of Parliament is known as a bill .
An Act of Parliament or Act is law enact by the parliament .
Through the opened door-valve the sky's brightness shone.
a sky was shining through the opening of the door.
Both Portia and Vance are strong main characters.
Portia and Vance share a deep bond.
Spent fuel storage: (a) general arrangement drawings of storage site;
(a) drawings of the general arrangement of the warehouse;
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
Sienna Miller attacks press for titillating reports at hacking trial
Hercules stands up to Hippolyta , who says she 's not afraid of Hercules .
As they fight Hercules tries to get through to Hippolyta , telling her that she is stronger than Hera .
It doesn't even suffer from absent parents syndrome for heavens sake!
If you're one of those who groan at the "absent parent" trope that seems to be ever-present in YA, this is the book for you.
A boy is jumping in the water.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
These are ice hockey players who play or have played for the Montreal Canadiens team .
Two men charged with terrorism offences
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
A woman sells her merchandise on the street corner with tables and sheets down.
asian street vendors waiting to sell there merchandise.
What happens when neither Emily nor Michael refuse to do what is asked of them?
I wanted to know more about Michael and his family as well as Emily and hers and this feud they seem to have going on.
Malir River is located in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
It forms the provincial boundary between Sindh and Balochistan , west of Karachi .
S-servis bke, s.r.o. vybaveni strelnic on the EDB map
Slezska univerzita v Opave on the EDB map
Bailey,I saw a hemiglossectomy on the board.Can I scrub in?
Dr. Bailey, I saw an emiglosectomy on the board. Can I go?
Three girls performing a routine on stage.
Three musicians perform on their guitars while singing.
She was raised by two aunts .
Her two aunts raised all the three children .
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
It was released on November 4 , 1997 through A&M Records .
It was released in October 1990 through A&M Records .
They would not want to violate copyright laws and be punished.
If someone is using warez.com you will violate copyright laws.
Kant published a second edition of the Critique of Pure Reason in 1787 , heavily revising the first parts of the book .
The most known work of Kant is the book Critique of the pure reason that Kant published in 1781 .
A group of construction workers are working.
Several construction workers are looking at an escalator
One thing that I was surprised wasn't included in the storyline was the negative effects or drawbacks from having Rippler's Syndrome.
He informs her that she has Rippler's Syndrome, a very rare genetic disorder that his sister has been secretly studying.
It was played in a variety of forms , with 52 cards , and included both straight poker and stud .
In stud poker , some of each player 's cards are laid on the table so that the other players can see them .
@realDonaldTrump Hell I'm from the UK and I believe @realDonaldTrump would make an amazing WORLD Leader
S/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
2023 will be a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
1600 was a leap year starting on Saturday and a century leap year of the Gregorian calendar .
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Water should not be used to stop cerium fires , as cerium reacts with water to produce hydrogen gas .
Cerium is not often used as a metal since it quickly reacts with the air and tarnishes .
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
The second is a multi-volume dictionary , edited on principles similar to those of the Oxford English Dictionary , entitled Svenska Akademiens Ordbok .
The second dictionary , called Svenska Akademiens Ordbok is so big it needs many books , like the Oxford English Dictionary .
I'm proud to announce I support #HillaryClinton!!!!
@lbush34 @HillaryClinton just defending my girl Hillary!
Type "yugioh pharoah" into Google search and view images.
It is now part of Nunavut Territory , Canada .
The Northwest Territories is a federal territory of Canada .
I just love the whole concept of Amaranthe, a former enforcer, and how she could unwrap the mysterious of Sicarius.
Amaranthe definitely plays with fire when it comes to Sicarius, though.
Children are playing in an outdoor splash park.
Children play basketball on an outdoor court.
But Suzume is still struggling with grief, anger, and suspicion over the massacre of half of her family.
Suzume saw his father and cousin die.
In 1940 Ellis became a member of MAUD who were investigating the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
During World War II he worked on the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
Hillary wants to be a champion for women, unless they're unborn.
#Hillary, Here's one Christian whose religion views will never "adapt" to include abortion. Abortion is murder.
Warren Street tube station is a London Underground station .
It is connected to Euston tube station and near Euston Square tube station of the London Underground .
good, but not as good as her other books.
Over all, it's a good book.
Shostakovich 's orchestral works include 15 symphonies and six concerti .
Shostakovich is best known for his 15 symphonies and 15 string quartets .
Agree choice if woman's life in danger. But rape - does the baby deserve death for crime of his/her father? @HelpBillColeman
The #right to #life should be the #first among #humanrights -Pope Francisyouthgen
Two dogs wearing collars stand outdoors in water up to their chests.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse.
Cowboys are roping the young calves at the rodeo.
Those imports are thus not subject to anti-dumping measures.
anti-dumping measures are therefore not covered by the anti-dumping measures.
Daft Punk then announced a world tour called Alive 2007 .
At the start of 2006 , Daft Punk announced plans for a number of special summer shows .
Sloan is all about control and Dex brings chaos to his life, yet he can't help but like Dex.
I liked the story overall, all though I didn't find the relationship between Sloane and Dex convincing.
There is other income, there's a lot more.
he's got a lot of other revenue.
Daft Punk is an electronic music duo consisting of French musicians Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
There are two people in the band , Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
Cinder and Ella are the middle sisters in what was once a happy family of six.
After Cinder takes a job in the castle, Ella is supposed to take care of the family.
This is "so much" more than a zombie novel.
I am such a sucker for zombie novels.
We have the duty to protect the life of an unborn child. --Ronald Reagan #ccot #gop
@hillaryclinton - I guess this means you're happy for me to be pro-life as I never aborted any of my own children? #hypocrisy
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
I haven't seen that movie in a long time.
I still haven't seen the original.
It was released on Christmas Eve of 2007 .
Made available on Christmas eve on Itunes and other websites .
Sometimes the connection between gender identity and gender role is unclear .
Gender or Gender Identity is how someone feels inside .
In the center of Bury St Edmunds lie the remains of an abbey , surrounded by the Abbey Gardens , a park .
Bury St Edmunds Cathedral was created when the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich was formed in 1914 .
please do this and read them.
Go ahead and read the book.
Two people hanging on a rope over a cliff.
A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs.
Rushville is located at , along the Flatrock River .
Rushville is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Depending on the guy, you could whisper in his ear.
Kiss her neck ear. Whisper words to you.
Love strikes when you are least looking for it.
you will find love eventually you just have to look for it.
Politicians are destroying America. We need more people like @realDonaldTrump to run for office
Daphnis is an inner satellite of Saturn .
Hearken by Veronica Roth 2/5 stars I think this suffered from being too short.
Hearken by Veronica Roth A great start to the Shards & Ashes anthology of short stories.
Sam and Jared are up there with my favorite vampire couple Cat and Bones......
Sam and Jared are just perfect couples.
You're a idiot if you vote for Hillary, her and Obama are The Epitome of what's wrong with this country #Benghazi
@realDonaldTrump "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
During the American Civil War , many additions were made including stud poker , and the straight .
A girl with a bikini standing by the shore.
A woman in a black bikini jumps into the water.
This Caribbean folktale twist is a quick read where the action snowballs into an exciting climax.
It was a nice story with a lot of Caribbean folklore (something I haven't really read about before).
From there, things slowly get inexplicable with the mud thick unclarity that only a Gene Wolfe novel can provide.
Not as cryptic as other books by Gene Wolfe but enough riddles to make you wonder what's real and what's not.
The ending of this book left me wanting more.
The way the book ended made me want to pick up the next book right away.
Michael Jackson once told a knock knock joke.
heres a michael jackson one: knock knock whos there?
On the other hand , the Lojban camp freely borrowed grammatical terms from Lojban itself .
Because there is no country where everyone speaks Lojban , nobody is born with a name in lojban .
Flory is a feisty young fairy.
The young fairy Flory, is growing up, learning about herself and her world, and is fierce about it.
according to this variety, "Miel de Corse" / "Mele di Corsica" may vary with aroma, aroma and taste.
depending on the difference in botanical origin, it is characterised by a variety of smells, aroma, taste and colour.
Enjoyed this but took more getting in to then the other books
I enjoyed it more than I expected to.
Radiotherapy is used in the treatment of metastatic breast cancer .
Metastatic breast cancer is Breast cancer that has spread beyond the primary tumor .
As I stated, allowing time would be the best advice.
But like I said the best advice is TIME.
The 1890 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1890 .
The 1890 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the least active hurricane seasons , with only 4 storms .
The autonomic nervous system is then split into the sympathetic division , parasympathetic division , and enteric division .
But the enteric nervous system can be seen as a third branch of its own and not as part of the autonomic nervous system .
Hold hands, kiss, deeper kiss, and there you are.
Dang thats hard and I'm top of my class
i'm blond and i'm top student in class
The Dumfries and Galloway region is composed of several sub areas and former counties .
Dumfries and Galloway is a council area in south west Scotland . In takes in three counties :
Duval had broken her relationship to her daughter Caroline , Evelina 's mother , and has not acknowledged Evelina since .
Duval had been very angry with her daughter Caroline , Evelina 's mother , when she ran away with Sir John Belmont .
A lucid dream can begin in one of three ways .
There are many other ways to help someone lucid dream .
Jhangi is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
There are fifty-one Union Councils in the district , 35 in Abbottabad tehsil and 16 in Havelian .
Richard Allen `` Dick '' York was an American actor .
Jacob Allen `` Jake '' Abel is an American actor .
@readyforHRC @HillaryClinton Support encourage #HillaryClinton president #UnitedStates world is success of women in world
Don't you someday want to see a well qualified candidate by the president of the United States? #ReflectingHillary
He was selected by the Blackhawks with the third overall pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft .
The Canucks drafted Bourdon with their first selection , tenth overall , in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft .
Of her own free will would she have to give him her blood.
his blood must be given to him by his own volition.
I loved The School for Good and Evil.
After "The School for Good and Evil", Sophie and Agatha returned home after choosing what I thought was the wrong ending.
The runners are participating in a marathon run.
A runner is excited by her last marathon at the track.
i would rather do it with someone else grandma!!!
no but i would with someone elses grandma!!
Many PT boats became famous during the war .
PT Boats were motor torpedo boats .
Next to this tower is the museum with an exposition about Carl Heinrich Graun and his brothers .
Carl Heinrich Carsten Reinecke was a German composer , conductor , and pianist .
Bodily autonomy is a human right. A person's access to abortion is a human right. #reprojustice #reprorights
Now we just need to give women everywhere their rightful choice
Jean-Pierre Cassel was a French actor .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet is a French film director .
A baseball player in a white and red uniform is sliding to base.
One baseball player sliding into second base and another about to catch the ball in an effort to make the out.
The user will be shown an error message and an entry will be written to the event log.
Check the system event log for additional information on what might have caused this error.
-%C10-%C11-%O$tUnknown host. Maybe you misspelled it?
-% C10-% C11-% O $tCannot password. Could not be found?
Sounds like is playing games with the both of you.
This simpleton is just playing funny games.
Born in England , Paine emigrated to the British American colonies in 1774 in time to participate in the American Revolution .
He lived and worked in Britain until he was 37 , when he emigrated to the British American colonies during American Revolution .
This book picked up right where the last book left off and it was one thrill ride after another.
Eyes of Ember by Rebecca Ethington is book two of the Imdalind series and it picks up right where book one left off.
I also felt the characters were nicely done, and the relationship between Yara and Brent is refreshing and believable...very sweet and cute.
Yara is an enjoyable character to meet.
I do think it is a good start, and there are more books to the series available.
Captivating start to series It all starts here, in Everville, a beautiful land in another dimension.
If you love young Roland and stories of mid-world before the fall then your gonna love this!!!
So, if you are a Dark Tower series fan and you would like another glimpse into the mysteries of Mid-World, read this book.
Microdon adults look more or less like typical flies .
Microdon adults are very hairy and look like bees .
I am anxiously awaiting my opportunity to view Memoirs of a Geisha.
I need advice on discipline?
Seek advice about the situation from someone.
Down the hall on the left.
The shower's down the hall.
Can Kitty and everyone survive until the wedding?
The wedding ceremony was also a welcome distraction from the rest of the series.
It's not constitutionally required that a lawyer be present!
You need to have a lawyer present in the room.
The actors you're referring to are Johnny Depp and Reese Witherspoon.
Lizzie is the new Vicar in Lychford.
Enter Lizzie, the new vicar, still in mourning over a lost love, and Autumn, Lizzie's former friend, an agnostic-turned-mystic.
A man sings into a microphone on a stage.
A man holding an acoustic guitar.
The Padres won two of three games in a series against the Dodgers at Petco Park .
The Padres play their home games in a stadium called Petco Park .
Tingle 's first starring role was in the Nintendo DS game Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland .
He has his own series , starting with Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland .
A man uses a homemade broom.
A young woman sweeping with a straw broom.
People gather outdoors near a field with a soccer net.
A group of people in costume gather outdoors on Halloween.
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp.
Motocross biker in a black and yellow jumpsuit jumping a hill on his dirt bike.
A plaintiff , also known as a claimant or complainant , is the party who initiates a lawsuit before a court .
If the case is a criminal case and not a lawsuit , the plaintiff can be called a complainant .
There was comfort for the night, company of sorts, a leave-taking.
a night of comfort, a farewell companion.
Efforts are being made to further the use of Sami language among Sami and persons of Sami origin .
Sami people speak Sami language , that is part of the Fenno-Ugric language family .
A black dog jumps a horizontal bar in a grassy feild.
The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods.
I'm on the edge of my seat to start volunteering for @HillaryClinton 's presidential campaign! So excited!! #cantwait
Getting another @HillaryClinton bumper sticker because #LoveWins and 2 just wasn't enough
These people were living in Machu Picchu , in the original Inca infrastructure .
Machu Picchu was a Inca town in Peru in South America .
I thought it was so different from other YA ghost stories I've read.
This book basically has that element that's very different from other YA books nowadays that are mostly focused on vampires and werewolves and angels.
This short story is told from the point of view of Nick and Quinn.
This novella in the Elemental series is told exclusively from Nick's point of view.
Indeed, the zombies of the book serve as an applicable metaphor for the oppressed of the time period.
But apparently, zombies have no memory of their life before death.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A black dog looking at the camera.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Whatever the case , in this belief system , Jesus is beneath God , but higher than humans .
The central tenet of Christianity is the belief in Jesus as the Son of God and the Messiah .
Royal Canadian Air Cadets is a Canadian national youth program for persons aged 12 to 18 .
The Australian Air Force Cadets , known as the Air Training Corps until 2000 , is a Federal Government funded youth organization .
You can play many different types of songs with a six-string guitar.
It depends on whether you want a six-string or twelve-string guitar.
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball.
Two women playing softball while one wearing purple is sliding to base while the other wearing white is trying to catch a ball.
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
US Senate passes gay workers bill
i did feel sorry for jason in freddy vs. jason.
Some see this as evidence that Paul knew of no account of the virgin birth of Jesus .
The gospels of Matthew and Luke say that Mary was a virgin and that Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit .
The population was 994 at the 2000 census .
994 people were living in Neva as of 2000 .
A young child leaning forward asleep in a stroller with a butterfly on their head.
A child with a stroller walking in front of red and cream buildings.
Hope emerging, I could scarcely put the book down for the rest of Mel's wild adventure.
I could not put it down.
If you are Jennifer L. Armentrout, then you can do whatever the hell you want.
I'm now a 100% certified fan of Jennifer L. Armentrout, and I'm so proud to say it.
Snoop Dogg joined the NBA 's Entertainment League .
Snoop Dogg is a rapper and actor .
You should ask her about her hobbies.
You thought the love triangle was taken care of, in Zodiac?
There is a lot more details regarding Zodiac history this go around which I love!
I enjoy playing games with her as well.
Evan didn't even spare her a glance before the accident, so what is it with thus sudden interest?
I can see why Julia is attracted to Reece, but I also think that it's strange considered her earlier romance with Evan.
Three young boys are jumping and playing in the hay.
Three farmers stacking bails of hay on a truck.
Claims it improves the eye. His eye is on me.
he says it's improving my eyes.
This force is both the building legend of the Wendigo as well as the vast, unexplored expanse of the wilderness.
The Wendigo is presented in a first person perspective.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
It passed over North Carolina and Virginia before going out to sea on the 30th .
About 64 % of the damage and 68 % of the deaths occurred in North Carolina and Virginia .
@realDonaldTrump Favorites and retweets keep piling up for Trump! He's killing the other candidates!
Where's the campaign store is the real question? I am ready to buy some Hillary gear
Hillary is on her way to #Baltimore to be their champion. #BaltimoreRiots
@politicspizza @RebeccahLouise @ProLifeYouth women being independent and making their own CHOICES
Breda O'Brien strikes again, why can't people just allow the woman who is carrying the 'child' to make her own decisions #Amnesty
Three men and one woman sit at a table outdoors having drinks.
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table in front of a coffee shop.
About 20 % of the known species are benthic and can attach to algae or rocks .
Seaweed is a loose colloquial term encompassing macroscopic , multicellular , benthic marine algae .
A shirtless man is washing something in a street fountain.
A shirtless man and a woman in a bikini top embrace in a fountain.
Why don't they ask you out?
Why don't they move to be with you??
Some of the theories regarding the cause of BDD are summarized below .
It is unknown what the full cause of BDD is .
Ferin was strong in both body and mind.
I absolutely LOVED the character of Ferin.
A year that is not a leap year is called a common year .
In a leap year , it has 29 days .
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.
A man in a white short and shorts hits a tennis ball.
Other popular children 's songs are almost pentatonic .
Many folksongs are pentatonic , or nearly pentatonic .
The International Astronomical Union Observatory Code for Reedy Creek is 428 .
Reedy Creek Observatory is an observatory for looking at Near-Earth objects .
He then had a chequered career ; he was deposed in 1803 , restored in 1809 , and finally deposed again in 1818 .
Mahmud Shah Durrani was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803 , again between 1809 and 1818 .
The Power Rangers SDP series, is the favorite of my two boys.
I would say defintely "Power Rangers" and "Full House".
Then you are the boggie of whom Goodgulf spoke, the Ringer?
so you're the chobot he was talking about," said Goodgulf, the Ring-bearer?
close your eyes and ask yourself how to heal.
Just close your eyes and try it.
donut charts pie charts;types chart types;pie/donut
graph graphyselist graphs; types of graphs; slice / rings
And now we have something different - a Young Adult book that manages to leave out the romance.
I loved how the author explored so many different types of relationships, not just the romantic ones.
Brad Pitt fathered a child with Angelina while in the process of divorcing Jennifer.
The Swaan River is the most important stream of the Pothohar region of Pakistan .
Ling stream , following a relatively long course through Lehtrar and Kahuta falls in the Swaan near Sihala .
Just when I got your mother to help out.
your mother just started helping me.
Other than Dex and Sloane, Calvin and Hobbs are heating things up as well and I already know that I love these two as well.
Personally, I'm anxiously awaiting Calvin and Hobbs story.
I'm a woman who cannot conceive, and I proudly beg you to reconsider killing what I'd die for. #ProLifeYouth
It should never ever be legal to have an abortion because murder is wrong & #AbortionIsMurder not #healthcare . We Must .
Around the year 1500 , oil paint replaced tempera in Italy .
Tempera is a type of artist 's paint .
Donald Trump is the man of all men
Michelle Leigh McCool is an American professional wrestler currently working for World Wrestling Entertainment on the SmackDown brand .
UK alert on Syrian chemical arms
West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims
Wendy grows a lot and is pretty much running things around Forening.
Troll or not, I do really like the heroine, Wendy.
In a few years, Cosmo and I embarked on a dance concert tour.
we got off on a dance tour in a couple of years.
The mixture is shaped in the hand into balls , wrapped round with caul fat , and baked .
These fillings are wrapped with falafel mixture and deep fried .
Has a similar fate befallen our Rama expert?
did he meet our expert on the same fate?
I love fairies, I love Shakespeare and I loved this book/play.
One of my favorite works by the master Shakespeare.
What if he were to leave his wife and family for you?
Some trails are designated as nature trails , and are used by people learning about the natural world .
Some trails are designated backpacking trails , or long-distance trails , and are used by both day hikers and by backpackers .
Like the rest of the highlander series, The Highlander's Kiss has vibrant secondary characters bound to recur in the succeeding books.
The highest elevation is only wetted by the tops of sea spray , the lowest is several meters deep .
Highest elevation is the Westerbecker Berg with 234m , lowest point is the Bentlage castle at 32m .
Use a search engine like google or yahoo, and type "Sk8r Boi lyrics Avril Lavigne
If you are looking for music, just type in "music downloads" in your search engine.
It is the most widely spoken member of the Visayan languages .
Cebuano is a member of the Visayan language family .
He made beautiful music that people who smoke marijuana understand.
In addition, one can smoke marijuana while listening to Nirvana.
Lasting more than an hour , the Ninth was an exceptionally long symphony for its time .
It is a very long work , lasting more than an hour .
As in DNA replication , DNA is read from 3 ' 5 ' during transcription .
As in DNA replication , only one of the two DNA strands is transcribed .
i aint listenin to a guy trying to pick me up!
Dude, they are on the internet trying to pick someone up!!
In this book Percy Jackson is telling the tale of the Greek Gods and tells it like it is.
I was never a fan of Percy Jackson because of Riordan's take on the Greek myths.
Which brings me to Raffe and Penryn...
Penryn is so badass and fun, she's an amazing protagonist.
We learn some true feelings that Mircea had for Dorina's mother and how he truly feels about Dorina.
Looking forward to reading the next book in the Dorina Basarb series.
When I finished this book, I couldn't help but to hug this book and chanted how perfect the book is.
Cassandra Clare did not focus only on the action-scenes and stuff but also she mixed it with other elements that made the book perfect.
Froi & Quintana's darkness was like a drug, and it made book # 1 feel so innocent.
I was so happy to learn more about Froi and see this series develop.
In terms of performance , the major categories are live dance music and recorded dance music .
The history of dance music is similar to the history of dance as well as to the history of music .
Joey might take a turn for the worse while she was dozing.
while he's dozing, Jim can get worse.
Classification systems which have a kingdom of Protista may include green algae in the Protista or in the Plantae .
They form a group , that can included among the Plantae or with the Protista .
Are you not able to validate it?
why can't you see for yourself?
Trump is a Non-Establishment candidate. I like it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
He has feelings for his wife, and he will not leave her.
All this time, I thought she was a guy.
He is a guy, after all.
Pamina enters and tries to speak with Tamino .
Tamino and Pamina see one another and embrace .
orlando bloom or johnny depp *sigh*
I cannot wait to see Johnny Depp.
Deval Laurdine Patrick is the 71st Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Willard Mitt Romney is an American businessman and the 70th Governor of Massachusetts .
My favorite characters in the book are, by far, Hal and Leif, Atticus' werewolf and vampire attorneys.
As I hoped, in this book there's more Leif, the vampire attorney.
Many plants and fungi reproduce asexually as well .
Also , the cell membrane chemistry of fungi is different from that of plants .
For Riley, solving multiple cases--in a world going mad with human and vampire passions--would have been tough enough.
I love how Riley have evolved throughout the series.
On average, once or twice a week is when most people have it.
guys like a girl who makes the first move.
No, but they will expect that she makes the first move.
For Halloween I wore red eyes and pink hair Lol!
i like red eyes and pink hair hehe
I like that Hailey is wholesome and likable, but still makes some mistakes throughout the book.
Hailey is not your average kid.
It's time that we move from good words 2 good works, from sound bites 2 sound solutions HILLARY CLINTON #HillaryClinton
I've been doing my reading and I do have to to say, I'm wildly impressed by Hillary Clinton
Along with Led Zeppelin, Guns and Roses, Poison, Pink Floyd, and so forth.
Man in yellow helmet riding a Motorbike in a dirt arena.
If it's anything like the second half of the prequel I'll read it with pure pleasure!
This is a very promising prequel to the Soul Screamer series.
The whole reapers vs angels was great and grim angel spin was refreshing and different for me.
This was a great, quick read, with Angels of Death, Grim Reapers, and Grim Angels.
Stajan is the Player Representative for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League Players Association .
Matthew Stajan is a Canadian professional hockeyplayer who plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
The consorts seemed powerful allies in the heart of the enemy camp, if only Rian could activate them on her behalf.
if Rian could bring them to work, she would have received a powerful ally in the enemy camp.
Lmao my school thinks giving women the right to an abortion is against feminism. They don't know feminism #wtf
@JustinTrudeau I also support Men's wrongs as well as Women's rights #Standforchoice #womensrights
After finishing this book I can honestly say, I have no freaking idea what this book was about.
This time, the book is set in a futuristic world, but again, I was a bit lost as to "when" and "where" we were.
His decision hurts Amneris .
Amneris is now angry .
A man is holding an umbrella.
Today is a great day for an umbrella.
Commando Brigade's report in from Mars yet?
the Mars Brigade from Mars already has a report out there?
after lunch they will be before the dinner croissants from the French club.
We'll have dinner at our favorite French restaurant, OK?
The Air Jordan II model was released after Jordan 's second year in the NBA .
`` Jordan '' means Michael Jordan who is an NBA basketball player .
The title is currently unified with the World Tag Team Championship , and defended together as the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship .
After Kendrick briefly left WWE , London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman , and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship .
The northern section was completed on 30 September 1979 and opened on 1 October 1979 .
In 1979 Premier Neville Wran opened the newly completed Chaffey Dam .
Mollet was supported by the left wing of the party .
The Scottish Socialist Party is a left-wing Scottish political party .
Alberto Luis de Souza or simply Alberto is a Brazilian striker .
Joel de Oliveira Monteiro is a former Brazilian football player .
I this that is a dictionary.
The voice of the main character Zinzi is well done, but I just couldn't get into the story.
The story hinges upon Zinzi being hired by dubious record executive Odi Huron to find a missing teen pop star.
Additionally , the extratropical remnants contributed to rainfall on Nova Scotia which caused some street and basement flooding .
In anticipation of heavy rainfall , the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia , including Halifax .
The captain of the Royal Guard.
The captain of the Royal Guard wants to impress a lowly handmaiden?
In 1984 , Kasem made a cameo in Ghostbusters as the radio station host , Casey Kasem .
Kasem is the host of two weekly radio shows , American Top 20 with Casey Kasem and American Top 10 with Casey Kasem .
Hermeskeil is the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde Hermeskeil .
Hermeskeil is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
Gottfried Silbermann was an influential German constructor of keyboard instruments .
Keyboard instruments were further developed in the 20th century .
The corridor we walked along to get to the bedroom turned out itself to be the bedroom.
it turned out that the corridor we had entered into the room was, at the same time, a room.
Intrinsical is a very good book.
Lani Woodland's INTRINSICAL is a wonderfully inventive and very creepy ghost story/mystery.
Darcy is in charge of finding them a new master, but will she succeed.
Darcy again is presented a choice, something she didn't have before.
A man sitting on a bench taking a break from construction work.
A construction worker is drilling on railroad tracks.
Sun and Moon, Ice and Snow is the retelling of the fairy tale East of the Sun, West of the Moon.
1.5/5 this version of east of the sun & west of the moon was a pleasant read.
Hope Adams was introduced in the previous book of the Women of the Otherworld series.
I am still loving the Women of the Otherworld.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
It is located in Travelcard Zone 9 .
I enjoy the character of Corin.
I don't expect any less of Corin.
Low key it would be interesting to have a female president.
@NatureGuy101 @MaryMorientes Support encourage #HillaryClinton president #UnitedStates world is success of women in world
A curly-haired girl captivated by a butterfly.
A little girl walks through a field of wildflowers.
It is essentially a story within a story that Roland tells the rest of his ka-tet (fans will know) during their travels.
But those looking for a tale about Roland or his ka-tet run the risk of being disappointed.
A `` non-custodial parent '' is a parent who does not have physical and/or legal custody of his/her child by court order .
The other parent is the `` non-custodial parent '' , but they may have the right to visit the child .
He is also ranked as world number 4 according to `` The DJ List '' .
He is listed as the number 25 top DJ in the world by DJ Magazine .
Solutions remain unchanged throughout the duration of the test.
Therefore the Directive should remain in that aspect unchanged.
After they repeated "Bloody Mary" the fifth time, they waited but no Bloody Mary came.
I loved the alternative POV to the Bloody Mary story than usual!
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier.
A woman holding a baby sits on the ground and leans up against a wall.
Christian pretends to be gay to get close to Carolyn, his lifemate.
This story of Carolyn and Christian was funny, sexy, and engaging.
This was the foundation of Porno Graffitti .
Porno Graffitti is a Japanese J-Pop band .
The codename is derived from the infamous villain , General Zod , from the Superman DC Comic Books .
Green Lantern is the name of several fictional characters , superheroes appearing in comic books published by DC Comics .
We live in a world where people care more about religious rights than consent & reproductive rights....
The day that love will truly win is the day that the injustice known as abortion is abolished. #AllLivesMatter
Javelin thrower wearing a dark shirt and preparing to throw.
An Asian man is throwing a javelin in a yellow shirt.
Yes HRC subject 2 dbl standard Smh Come on @billclinton @HillaryClinton U Knew @ClintonFdn Donations Would b Scrutinized; Spun!
@politico "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
Good film, by it on DVD when released!
I bought the DVD that was recently released.
Alyson Lee Hannigan is an American actress .
Charisma Lee Carpenter is an American actress .
If you ask him you are being honest to your thoughts.
And if you ask him your thinking your thoughts :)
Still, the economic downturn is weighing heavily on the Italian public finances.
I am unsure, because I was nearly fourteen years old, versus being almost fifteen.
i was 13 going on 14 instead of 14 going on 15. :-) i dont know.
Death is the termination of life in a living system , or the state of that organism after that event .
A shorthand definition of niche is how an organism makes a living .
You know, like the inside of me brain.
right there in the brain, you know.
It's about damn time he recaptures the magic that made The Dark Tower series one of his epic works.
But the Dark Tower parts were great!
A child wearing a blue sweatshirt makes a funny face standing next to a wagon.
A very young child makes a pouting face at an older male in a leather jacket.
Full of suspense, mysterious characters (like Crow), and unsuspected twists and turns, THE EXILED QUEEN is sure to please any reader.
THE WRITING Most of The Exiled Queen is written in a third person limited narrative, switching between Raisa and Han's perspective.
Because I love The Wizard of Oz, I picture Judy Garland as Dorothy and the other characters as how they are in the movies.
Dorothy' s story of how she came to be back in Oz is interesting.
** spoiler alert ** Lost Boy tells a pivotal story about the origin of Captain Hook and his famous feud with Peter Pan.
It's all fun and games until a boy gets eaten by a crocodile, or killed by a pirate.
A couple walking down the street.
A child laughs as he plays with a large bird.
Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens.
Swine influenza virus or S-OIV is any strain of the influenza family of viruses that is endemic in pigs .
There are special vaccines against Swine influenza , but they only work if the virus strain is similar to some extent .
Anyway, I hope the next one is better and that Varen & Isobel get their happy ending.
The other times I only read the parts with Varen, because the interactions between him and Isobel were tense, amusing, and hot.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
Your right wing tank, Lieutenant, it's punctured.
the tank in the right wing is set alight.
It depends on where they are.
depends on where the piercings are
It is found in Bolivia and Peru .
Its county seat is Bolivia .
The combination of the two longest rivers in North America forms the fourth longest river in the world .
It is , in fact , the longest river in North America .
Stowers worked as a receptionist in Los Angeles .
Stowers really worked at a service counter .
Ellen Herrick presents a bewitching introduction to the story, and ends with a hint of more to come.
Ellen Herrick began with an interesting idea.
You're not supposed to use the elevator in a fire.
no lift must be used for the fire.
Really enjoyed the continuation of the team's adventures, Sicarius and Amaranthe, Basilard and the rest.
Worse, Sicarius does a disappearing act in this book (though not of his own accord) , putting even more stress on Amaranthe.
They were the second variety of British Rail 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five Classes .
They were the fourth variety of BR 's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs , eventually encompassing 755 vehicles and five classes .
The breeding season lasts April to May .
The mating period lasts from April to June .
Been slacking on my @realDonaldTrump retweets.. had some catching up to do .. #Trumpforpresident
RT @bdckool: .@realDonaldTrump Of you can do for America what you did for your businesses, you will secure my vote.
You need to leave her!
Tell her to leave you.
How then are you standing there, before with thy honor your beloved leader, huh?
what will your beloved Leader think of you and your honor?
Thus, RAVEN FLIGHT covers her finding teachers and getting training.
Raven Flight is Book 2 in the Shadowfell series.
I read the entire book in one day.
This is my favorite book of all time!
Mickey Mouse is still there and was from the beginning.
My favorite and most beloved Disney hero is Mickey Mouse.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Iwerks was considered by many to be Walt Disney 's oldest friend , and spent most of his career with Disney .
His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney , too . Ub 's great grandson , Michael Iwerks , works at Disney also
A little boy doing a handstand on the beach.
two people do jumping jacks on the beach
Before Bonesplinter can do so Marcus ended up in Farworld.
Farworld follows the adventures of Marcus and Kyja.
It forms the entire boundary between Nebraska and Missouri and part of the boundary between Missouri and Kansas .
Near the city of Kansas City , Missouri , the Missouri turns eastward into the state of Missouri .
Therefore , this set does indeed form a ring under the given operations of addition and multiplication .
In mathematics , a ring is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with 2 operations : addition and multiplication .
Hello. You can watch and download videos from youtube.com. It is the largest video website.
If you visit the website www.imesh.com you can download it as well as videos.
Liza notices something is off with her brother Patrick.
Liza wakes one morning with the realization that the spindlers have taken the soul of her little brother Patrick.
What an incredibly complex relations does Fitz have with the Fool!
If there was ever a middle books in the Fitz and the Fool saga, it's this one.
they all want a merry Christmas for the Georgia plant.
He'd have been so pleased with just a 'Merry Christmas'.
I think Kira is a typical teenage character.
Kira is a fantastic lead character; she has huge amounts of courage and is the type of person I wish I could be like!
The AFI Conservatory focuses on training through hands-on experience with established figures .
Older figures in AFI 's Conservatory train newer people .
It's what's best for business and presidential seat for #HillaryClinton
National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden 5 .
West Building of the National Gallery of Art 6 .
Of course things go bad to worse when Ivy tries to make everything better.
Ivy is trying to make alliances with all of these characters.
girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
Two little kids blowing bubbles on the stoop.
Quarterback John Elway arrived in 1983 .
Their most famous player is John Elway .
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Family Ter Hachatrjan felt under the repression of NKVD in 1937 .
Children of the family Ter Hachatrjan escaped from Petrograd to far Caucasus .
@WildChild69 Now you are not even sense. And, once again, abortion is not healthcare. With every abortion at least one human lies.
It is also unknown which jellyfish species can cause Irukandji syndrome apart from Carukia barnesi and Malo kingi .
The Irukandji Jellyfish , Carukia barnesi , is a species of jellyfish .
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
Guy who hangs out with Frankie Flannery. He walked him out.
he's got him hanging around Frankie Flannery.
The WaveBird wireless controller is an RF-based wireless controller , based on the same design as the standard controller .
Nintendo later released a wireless version of the controller , called the `` Wavebird '' .
Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
Kale , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
From 1961 , this vehicle was called the Ford Taunus Transit .
The first van to wear the Transit badge was the Taunus Transit .
With Joaquin Phoenix? I haven't seen the movie as of yet.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
I saw it two weeks ago and thought it was great.
I saw him two weeks ago on the CBS Morning Show.
I would have rather ended with Hunter's 'home' comment, instead of ending with Chase's cliffhanger -it would have made the book feel more finished.
A lot of Chase, would have liked a little more Hunter, but was happy with the end.
Looking forward to the third book in October.
There's something refreshing about his character not being a suave, alpha male hero that sweeps the woman off her feet.
Not without flaws, but a thoroughly enjoyable adventure story with a kick-ass hero AND heroine.
I liked the story and the plot.
A sweet little trilogy, with a nice love story.
Leave this for the cops to analyze.
The cops chased her through that door.
Testing in 2008 by PassMark Software found Norton Internet Security 2009 had the least impact on system performance among the tested antivirus software .
In 2006 , Oli Warner analyzed the system performance impact of various Windows applications and antivirus software , including Norton Internet Security 2006 .
In 1863 , the San Francisco and San Jose Rail Road named a nearby station `` Menlo Park '' after the sign .
Menlo Park is an affluent city in San Mateo County , in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
Of the listed options, Johnny Depp is my favorite.
Making the current complementary scheme permanent needs a legal basis.
Fixed areas shall be included in the system on a permanent basis.
A person leans forward to catch a baseball while a runner comes close to the base.
Sam and Jared getting a vampire marriage.
Can't get enough with Jared and Sam!
Generally , the Kofun period is divided from the Asuka period for its cultural differences .
The Kofun period and the Asuka period are sometimes considered together as the Yamato period .
Tumors of the salivary glands may occur .
There are three main pairs of salivary glands .
Saving Abel released their self-titled , major label debut album on March 11 , 2008 .
The band made a studio album in 2006 called Saving Abel and released a later self-titled album .
In 1859 the headquarters were moved to Muzaffargarh .
The city of Muzaffargarh is the capital .
Visit their website to access free downloads.
This book focuses on Connor and Meara.
Connor is strong and loyal, and a great brother to Branna.
I enjoyed the first book of the Faithful and the Fallen series - Malice by John Gwynne.
The series has already ended, with three more books, and Gwynne is already among the most well-regarded fantasy authors of the day.
I certainly enjoyed Dallas and Hannah and the romance that developed between them.
I am not sure the connection with Dallas and Hannah was as strong.
During the revolution in Petrograd in the year 1917 , duke Aleksandr and his wife duchess Sofia were killed by the Bolsheviks .
Rykov returned from Siberia after the February Revolution of 1917 and re-joined the Bolsheviks , although he remained skeptical of their more radical inclinations .
Why do you not simply view his website?
You can view it from the ABC website.
Red Sister is a brilliant fantasy novel but be warned, there are no secret unicorns or Quidditch games inside the convent.
HUGE thanks to Ace, Netgalley, and Mark Lawrence for the eGalley of Red Sister in exchange for a honest review.
People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
2 million bogus followers on Twitter @HillaryClinton #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
Why is Hillary lying AGAIN about something news worthy? What's news worthy is if she doesn't lie about something
This is a debate about our understanding of human dignity/what it means to be a member 0 the human family/even tho tiny, powerless.
These are the radio stations in Bordeaux .
Bordeaux is also famous for its art .
The other reason was the inclusion of the "Inserts", which are short stories showing Vidanric's point of view.
You can check these out after reading the book because these are scenes of Crown Duel, written from Vidanric's point of view.
Although the storm was tropical at this time , the NHC did not issue advisories for several hours .
However , the NHC first thought it did not become a tropical storm until later .
@Xxoax @HillaryClinton @MaryMorientes @BarackObama The whole #world is supporting you.
A brown dog digging a hole.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
A man playing ultimate frisbee makes a diving catch.
Surfactant/cleansing/foaming TIPA-LAURYL SULFATE Decyl hydrogen sulphate, compound with 1,1',1''-nitrilotripropan-2-ol Emulsifying/surfactant/cleansing/foaming TIPA-STEARATE Stearic acid, compound with 1,1',1''-nitrilotri(propan-2-ol) (1:1)
Antistatic/surfactant/cleansing/foaming TEA-LAURYL ETHER 2,2'-[[2-(dodecyloxy)ethyl]imino]bisethanol Antistatic TEA-LAURYL SULFATE Tris(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonium dodecylsulphate Emulsifying/surfactant/cleansing/foaming TEA-MYRISTAMINOPROPIONATE N-tetradecyl-.beta.-alanine, compound with 2,2',2''-nitrilotriethanol (1:1)
Equatorial Guinea is now essentially a single-party state , dominated by Obiang 's Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea .
Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo is the President of Equatorial Guinea , having served since 1979 .
A man is performing a stunt outdoors.
A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.
Percy and Grover are nearly to the tree that marks the camp boundary , when the Minotaur charges .
Percy manages to contact camp with an Iris-message , tricking Luke into admitting he poisoned Thalia 's tree .
There is still more to be done to make this country strong, powerful and great again. #TrumpCarson2016
I read this book in 24 hrs!!
This book was a good fast read, with an interesting story.
All I really knew is that it's a bridge between the Gabriel series and the author's upcoming book, The Raven.
I hope nothing happens to Gabriel and him and Julianne get their happy ever after
@realDonaldTrump I like Mexicans who come to US legally. #IStandWithTrump
Consider this advice for later on in life.
I think that is the one reason that many people read this book, but that is not the case for me.
It might not work for a lot of people, but it certainly does for me.
As a main character, Sasha is quite open with readers.
For example, the main character, Sasha is from Earth.
This was my favorite Nightshade book to read.
Really liked the back story this provided for Nightshade.
Not the best of the Dark Tower series, but still a good story - what else would you expect from Stephen King?
Of the original seven books in the Dark Tower series, book four, The Wizard and the Glass, was my favorite.
@realDonaldTrump I don't care what @NASCAR says! I dont care what the liberals at @espn say.. Keep Speaking The TRUTH!!
I haven't read the Riyria back.
I'm still a bit confused but anyway, I'm not going to reopen Riyria.
There hadn't even been a kiss at the end of it from the boy whose household was almost as restrictive as her own.
finally, the boy who lived in a household nearly as strict as hers was, she didn't even get a kiss.
Norrington was made an OBE in 1980 , a CBE in 1990 and a Knight Bachelor in 1997 .
Rattle was awarded a CBE in 1987 and made a Knight Bachelor in 1994 .
Hearne had taken a character that seemed invincible (even to Angels, Demons, and friend of all!)
Kevin Hearne has done something really special with his Iron Druid books.
The wine industry of the canton is the largest in Switzerland .
Visp is the capital of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
She wasn't blood-thirsty or a gun nut, but she was trying to save Wonderland and her friends, so she did what she needed to do.
Ten years later, she finds herself in Wonderland again, but everything has changed.
See also : List of symphonies in G minor .
Its relative minor is E minor , and its parallel minor is G minor .
Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
Elves don't exist" - fine.
She has a brain, a heart, and her own unique DNA, not her mother's. She is alive and human. Please don't kill her.
RT @dave_gosh: Im Prolife and Abortion has and will always be taking a life! #ChooseLife #Christians #Prolife...
Sled dogs are also used to pull skiers and to draw wheeled rigs when there is no snow .
A dog sled is a sled pulled by one or more sled dogs used to travel over ice and through snow .
You can go to the artists website and view the lyrics.
Even the movie was amazing (Hardly anyone saw it).
They don't give Nobel prizes for space junk.
there's no Nobel Prize in the name of the Nobel Prize.
rock n roll all the way from the beatles to hawthorne hieghts all rock rocks
It is the best rock n roll band I have seen.
Also , ESA is not the only European space organization .
European Space Agency or ESA is an international organization with 18 member countries .
They haven't eliminated #murder. They just call it by a different #name. #prolifeyouth #prolifegen
RT @OurBrother1: "A nation that kills its own children has no future.(On Abortion) ~Bl. John Paul II
Pictures of him alone at a bunch of Eastern Seaboard tourist locations. Got a Linkedln account, and he tweets pictures of his food.
she owns photos in several eastern coastal tourist areas, an account on Linkedln, tweeting pictures of her meal.
In 1999 , Lucy Lawless also appeared in the animated television show The Simpsons as her Xena character .
In 2006 , Lucy Lawless donated her personal Xena costume to the Museum of American History .
Faina, the ghostly girl in The Snow Child, is a shy, feral thing who thrives in the snowy wilderness of an underpopulated Alaska.
Jack discovers that Faina was the child of a local drunk who died in the wilderness, leaving her to grow up alone and feral.
That wasn't the case with Cynna and Cullen.
Cynna, Cullen and their friend's journey and adventures in the Edge are exciting.
Reading this book is an unforgettable experience.
The bizarrest book I've ever read.
second in the night watch series - loved it!
So much love for this series!
So unfortunate #thebriefcase @cbs. Adoption isn't always the answer.
Just remember, there is a living family out there just waiting to #adopt your aborted baby.
Taige and Cullen were a sweet, but electric, couple.
The connection between Taige and Jillian, which might've been a convenient plot twist, was endearing.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
... quitting Konversation while DCC file transfers are active
... you will terminate Conversation if the active DCC transfer of files is active
If you are interested in being able to download it I would recommend you look into software by limewire or ares.
well if you want to download it you can get limewire or ares..
A man donning an orange helmet is climbing up a white glacier.
A young kid cin orange climbs a rock climbing wall.
I love to dance, but I just have my baby
i lav to lav but my baby just lavs to dance
They often abandon the systems they win in combat.
the systems they gain will often leave.
In accordance with of Rule 204a of the Rules of Procedure, the abovementioned position is corrected as follows:
in accordance with Article 17 (1) of the Rules of Procedure, he shall adopt the order of his predecessor in that hierarchy.
A woman wearing glasses poses for the camera with three men.
Three musicians are posing for a photograph in a soundproof studio booth.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
I would rather die with the taste of you on my tongue than live and never touch you again.
For instance this: "If I were to live a thousand years, I would belong to you for all of them.
A black dog is running through the snow.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
So when hip hop came to Europe in the early 1980s there already was a vibrant graffiti culture .
Graffiti can be thought of as a part of hip hop or street protest .
Dark Mirror is the story of Tory who finds at the beginning of the novel that she has magical powers.
The main character of The Dark Mirror preferred to be called Tory - the English conservative political party at the time.
five Indian boys play cricket with a bridge in the background.
An Indian man works on a textile in the background while an Indian women works with dyes in the foreground.
Three construction workers working on the interior of a building.
First off, Fall Out Boy are not good live.
Click five is better than Fall Out Boy.
My girlfriend listens to chemical romance.
My girlfriend does that almost every day.
Hemingway met Hadley Richardson in Chicago .
Her name was Hadley Richardson .
There are a lot of worlds with a lot of different types of magic systems in Cosmere.
The magic system and magic training exclude women altogether; only men get to be special in this particular Cosmere world.
Four people, in colorful kayaks, are on the water on a sunny day.
A group of people on different colored boats enjoys a great day on the water.
I experienced the same thing last year.
He told me about this last year.
Inkscape began in 2003 as a code fork of the Sodipodi project .
It is a fork of another vector graphics program called Sodipodi .
Same with Mace, Darth Maul, and Yoda.
Darth Maul, Yoda, and Jar Jar Binks.
Why is it wrong when Trump is stating facts about illegal immigrants??? He is 100% Right
Just what is Grandma Ruthie's new love?
Jane's Grandma Ruthie (aka The Black Widow) has met someone new, who may not be what he seems.
Bailey is a fighter, her strength had me fully enveloped in the story as she's thrown one curveball after another.
Bailey had grown up never knowing the truth, and with each thing that she discovered I felt so bad for her.
good question..my daughter loves the little one!!!
i hate it but my step daughter loves it
In August 1923 , Baldwin promoted Chamberlain to the position of Chancellor of the Exchequer .
Chamberlain was then Chancellor of the Exchequer , in charge of the economy , for a short time .
I expected a book filled with adventure, and, well, time actually spent in the Thickety.
Oh, I'm not meant to kiss you, am I?!
I didn't kiss you, did I?
Not only did I enjoy this book, I plan on reading the next 3 in the series.
Wow, I am so pleased that I picked this book up!
Snape was very eager to leave his home to go to Hogwarts .
Snape is the Potions master at Hogwarts in the series .
This is the classic joke.
That joke is the funniest.
Turns out our Reaver is more than he seem as is Harvester.
For me Reaver didn't deserve Harvester's forgiveness so easily but that is exactly what happened in this book.
@realDonaldTrump is just saying what most are thinking, you have to give him credit #Trump4POTUS
While running , one man is hit by a boulder and killed .
One man near Lemon City was killed by falling timber .
Three men stand in front of some sort of machinery and look bored.
Three elderly men resolve issues on their mechanical fly-plane.
A small girl sleeping on a couch with a pillow on her lap and under her head.
Two children sleep on a man's lap.
Cannot wait to start the next book.
I enjoyed The Renfield Syndrome a lot and can not wait for The Ripple Effect.
@BarackObama celebrates "equality" while 3000 unborn babies were killed today. Let's talk about a real inequality sir #LifeEquality
everyone should have the right to make their own reproductive choices & recieve safe medical treatment without stigma.
Also each Pathis have their own significance due to the different activities of Vaikundar at each Pathis .
The activities of Vaikundar is historically jointed with this Pathis . There are five Pathis :
Two men on a canoe are throwing a net into a lake.
A tropical fisherman throws an orange net into a river.
Trump wasn't precise but he's no bigot. employs thousands. contributed millions to charity. And loves America.not corrupt.capable
@realDonaldTrump You have our backs, and we have yours. You have my vote. Boycotting anyone who opposes your patriotism. We need
My daughter uses it she even does her mps.
Yes, my daughter uses Limewire all the time.
Next week I'm gonna have a record deal.
no, I'll have a contract next week.
Significant flooding resulted in much of eastern Florida , along with some wind damage .
The flooding left many roads impassable near the capital city , and also resulted in landslides .
A woman in black pants doing a karate style kick in the grass with a small child in front of her.
Two people performing karate, one kicking a block of wood while the other holds it.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
I loved Anne Rice's take on the Were Man.
I think this is one of Anne Rice's best novels.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Annie has the same spirit as her i felt.
Ophelia sees a kindred spirit in Annie, and the two women begin a very special friendship.
Built to commemorate the success of the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was the tallest sculpture in the UK .
It was commissioned by New East Manchester Limited to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
This is the first Jeaniene Frost book that I didn't like.
And this is Jeaniene Frost, come on!
Casually hangin' with @HillaryClinton on a conference call while taking a break at #ACUHOI.
Volunteer with your local campaign this weekend! Help build Team Hillary - march w/ us in Bethesda! @AdamParkhomenko #MD
A man with dark hair and a brown jacket frowns as he stands in the snow.
A man in a brown suit jacket is standing beside the ship's helm.
Two dogs fighting in the street.
People who have never had an abortion can be prochoice. People with a uterus can be prochoice. People who never want kids can be
@Andrea_provida Or another hypocrisy are those who campaign for animal rights but are "pro choice" .
Orthosie , also known as , is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
the applicant appealed against the contested order to the contested order on 11 March 2007.
The contested decision does not set out the allegations made against the applicant.
In The Sand Reckoner , Archimedes gives his father 's name as Phidias , an astronomer about whom nothing is known .
His father was Phidias , an astronomer , and he may have been in the family of a king of Syracuse .
the Budget Office approves the subsidy in support of the EPA.
One man dressed in black doing karate in a green field.
An asian man in his karate uniform, doing a karate stance.
Please clarify...do you mean cheat their wives?
Men who love their wives do not cheat.
Trump for prez he couldn't do any worse so give him a shot
I truly enjoyed Lana Harvey's first adventure.
Lana is great, and I can't wait to read more of these.
@RedAlert -there should be a "stigma" to butchering pre-born children - its a horrendous crime against humanity. #murder
Messed up: Being outraged that it's legal to distribute images of abortion, but being fine with abortion being legal. #No2Trudeau
Just kidding, but I do like classic heavy metal.
Basically the roots of Death Metal lay in Heavy Metal.
The Gregorian calendar , and the year-numbering system associated with it , is the calendar system with most widespread usage in the world today .
The year-numbering used in the Gregorian calendar is based on a sixth century estimate for the year Jesus was born .
of course beyonce cause she is a hot girl.
beyonce is and she is hot im sayin off the chane
Leave the room and get outside.
@TIMENOUT "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
@HillaryClinton I wish u were in Benghazi instead of those great people, chronic liar and power hungry animal
The sudden warmth of the sun was welcome now that he had darkened nearly to the shade of a foon-nut tree.
now, as he was sunburned into a dark brown, the sudden heat of sunlight was pleasant.
As much as @BernieSanders's poll numbers have jumped I still have Hillary winning the Dem. nomination.
Yeah, only a real journalist will write it.
he will be writing a real journalist.
I don't know if I want / need to get to know more about Mencheres.
A little note here about Mencheres.
Harsco operates in 45 countries and employs approximately 21,000 people worldwide .
The University today enrolls approximately 21,000 students , out of which more than 1,000 come from other countries .
@Fredindimuli yes he has an opinion but the choice should be in the hands of the women You know the person directly affected?
@Stuart1927 @GoodCounselNet Thank goodness politicians saw sense and recognised women's rights over their own bodies.
The original featuring Peter Sellers actually references the Pink Panther diamond.
For Your Eyes Only or True Lies or any of the Pink Panther movies with Peter Sellers....classic!
It also calls the sub-template .
This subtemplate calls to add trailing zeros .
Really #DonaldTrump, all Mexican people are rapists, but you assume SOME are good people... #IdiotNation #facepalm
We get all the bad #Mexicans...minus the ones whose labor built your empire, of course. #TrumpedFacts #Delusional #GTFOH
If you live in a Trump building, congratulations on that decision
Anders Celsius was a Swedish astronomer .
Her mother , Irina , is Russian , and her father Swedish .
EVERYDAY AMERICANS AND THEIR FAMILIES NEED A CHAMPION AND HILLARY WILL BE THAT CHAMPION.
@AnitaFinlay @politico Hillary's doing the right thing -- staying focus on her campaign.
Little does Marcus know that Farworld actually exists.
These tickets can be used to prove authentication to SS .
Kerberos works on the basis of `` tickets '' which serve to prove the identity of users .
it's the first summer day, and the weather has changed.
The important thing was simply that the weather had changed.
With the clock ticking, signifying the end of the world, Ophelia braves her fears and forges onward to complete her mission.
I wonder if the target audience would figure things out as quickly as me, or as slowly as Ophelia...
Lost Voices ended kind of abruptly...
Lost Voices is captivating from the first page!
Construction workers wearing white hard hats work on the street.
Three workers in safety vests and hard hats lay cement.
Sure, Felix is a nice enough guy, but instalove isn't going to solve the problem as to why he is so determined to help them.
Suddenly, Felix is thrown into a world he never expected, with enemies no one could have ever dreamed of.
Delaney made his World Wrestling Entertainment debut as a jobber , seen wrestling on the ECW show .
I found Mia annoying & at times fairly pathetic.
Mia and her friend seemed like they were 16, not in their twenties.
But Sano is the hottest guy on Rurouni Kenshin.
Saiyuki and Samurai X (Rurouni Kenshin)... they're cool
A man in a green hat and blue swim trunks sunbathing on the beach.
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach.
Spoke to @HillaryClinton today in NYC. Wow! So smart and impressive!!!
Laughing at the Republican Party. The BEST they can offer is #DonaldTrump and #JebBush? #HillaryClinton has got this!
The graphic novel brought those differences to the fore, and took me back to scenes from the book I had forgotten over the years.
When I saw that a graphic novel version had been published, I of course had to read it.
'For nothing, lad, "said the dwarven king.
not much, my boy," the dwarf king gestured.
try downloading the limewire search and download engine, kiddo!
Please download limewire so that you can search for the soundtrack of the movie.
What's the song that Barney the Purple Dinosaur sings?
Barney is a dinosaur w/ his imagination...
A Black President,Healthcare 4 all, Marriage Equality...what's next?..a Woman President?!Damn RIGHT! #SCOTUS #MarriageEquality
A bit too distant for the short-range accuracy of the tranquilizer gun.
a little long way to a little precise stun gun.
The Wizard Heir left huge openings for this sequel, and (for now) final installment of The Heir Series!
I do feel that the book ended well with slight openings and possibilities for future additions to this great series!
There were footsteps in the corridor outside.
She's in the corridor to the dining room.
He shared the Vezina Trophy with Glenn Hall in 1967 .
His final Vezina Trophy was shared with Denis Herron and Richard Sevigny in 1981 .
I got it! I got it! A Hillary accomplishment! She's managed to stay out of prison despite a 30-year crime spree. #tcot #ocra
@akawhit1 ITS TIME TO ROPE OFF KILLARY @FoxNews DELETE HER OFF YOUR BALLOT SHE IS A CLONE OF SODOM INSANE OBAMMAD #WakeUpAmerica
The flop is followed by a second betting round .
This betting is the same as after the Flop .
A lady sits in the sand on the beach.
A young boy stands near a sand pyramid.
With continued strong convection , Henriette maintained its strengthening and was predicted to reach hurricane strength .
It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth , Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28 .
Yahoo music or the radio.
listen to the radio or some music
the Dean had finally returned his sketchy memories of the previous night.
only memories of previous joyous days seemed alive.
In interesting merger of the Fitz and Live Ship stories.
An extraordinary powerful ending to the story of Fitz and the Fool.
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks.
A construction worker in a gray shirt and jeans crouches next to a orange bucket and white bags of materials.
if you talking about american idol then it was chicken little....kevin who went
So it happens in The Snow Child.
The Snow Child was a rare and beautiful journey.
I absolutely loved the twists and turns that this book took.
Full five stars for finally giving me a book like this that I love.
Pratchett seems to me to be to fantasy what Douglas Adams is to scifi.
I also didn't like Douglas Adams... Just goes to show that not any one book (or series) can be for everybody.
Otherwise, there was no change in the normal routine.
normal things no one wants to change.
Women are enjoying beverages at a restaurant outside.
It is best known as the site of Windsor Castle .
The Queen has a castle in Windsor called Windsor Castle .
You can take advantage of the standard mortgage loan.
In addition, the following lending commitment will apply to the mortgage loan book:
of course confident.. no need to explain.
Ivy is the only one that spots what's going on, but no one believes her - until Ren shows up.
Fighting the attraction between Ren and Ivy is futile, but it was really fun watching them try.
Equal rights for all @SCOTUS? Except for the unborn?? #ycot #overturnRoe
Mzwakhe mbuli says doctors & nurses are paid assassins.. they kill unborn babies & give it a fancy name
The devotees of Shirdi Sai Baba have spread all over India .
Sai Baba of Shirdi was a spiritual master who lived in India .
Washington Capitals All-Star left winger Alexander Ovechkin has been confirmed as the cover athlete of NHL 2K10 .
Alexander Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals is on the cover of the North American Release .
I have a cue light I could use when I'm joking, would you like?
do you want me to use a controller if I joke?
#StopHillary2016 @HillaryClinton if there was a woman with integrity and honesty I would vote for such as woman president, NO
@ResistTyranny "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
It is a south-western segment of the South Pacific Ocean .
Niue is an island nation in the South Pacific Ocean .
One of my favorites in this series, I've read it many times.
A great way to finish the first part of this series.
There is therefore no need to interpret those provisions.
that provision must therefore be interpreted.
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull.
I adore the way Penryn and Raffe interact.
In World After, we follow Penryn as she loses her sister yet again.
@UPROXX good,, trumps speaking of illrgal immigrants,,, its her loss
I promptly picked up the first, then the second and now finally this book of the Riyria Chronicles.
Love the Riyria books and looking forward to the First Empire series coming out soon.
Many children are gathering between houses.
A group of children gather around a black garbage bag.
There are two men near a wall.
Three women are sitting near a wall.
Celia, of course, doesn't trust Ward.
Ward and Celia are awesome characters.
Notable tropical and subtropical grasslands include the Llanos grasslands of northern South America .
There are several parts of the world that have grasslands .
When Rule learns that his clan will be investigated in the murder, he offers to be Lily's expert clan adviser.
Lily Rule is a San Diego police detective assigned to investigate a murder that might just be the work of a werewolf.
Unable to register the Attribute Memory resource.
Unable to expand an attribute with Object value
Fedora Linux was eventually absorbed into the Fedora Project .
None of these distributions are maintained by the Fedora Project .
Brisbane is in the southeast corner of Queensland , Australia .
The southernmost is found at 26 S in southeast Queensland , Australia .
*4.5 stars* If you're a big fan of Despina and Jalal, then this would be a good novella to pick up.
Wow, I ship Despina and Jalal so much, they're so cute <3
A man in a long-sleeve t-shirt is standing in front of the river with two women.
A man with a black t-shirt and black jeans has a chain wallet next to a river.
Mar del Plata has a wide range of services in this sector .
Mar del Plata has a population of 541,733 people .
The structure of the National Hockey League season is divided into the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs .
Since 1927 , the Stanley Cup Final series also determines the National Hockey League championship .
Why attempt to love someone that cannot reciprocate those feelings?
Having those feelings for a person is very special.
I could hear Marco and Celia whisper love letters to the air.
A brown dog standing in water.
@realDonaldTrump You have a real shot at POTUS Mr. T, the debates will be the true litmus test.
@realDonaldTrump Any more campaign stops in Chicago anytime soon? Good luck!
Prince in Let's Go Crazy was by far my favorite.
Would have to be Let's Pretend We're Married By Prince
I'm interested to learn more of Dancer and Cat.
Loved seeing the development of minor character Cat.
OH Reseph, I didn't think you were redeemable.
But Reseph is so awesome and sweet and thoughtful!
It was not seen until the Hubble Space Telescope recovered it in 2003 .
Later searches with the Hubble Space Telescope in 1993 found no satellites .
@LogicOfLife7 I don't confuse "right to life" with 'right-to-use-someone's-body-without-consent'. Do you? #rapeculture
@mrgeology They abort millions of their possible progressives for the future. #Downfall
The band featured Stever on vocals and guitar , Sanchez on guitar , Kelley on drums and Jon Carleo on bass .
Its instrumentation is varied , including the drums , cymbals , and the occasional hi-hat and ascending bass guitar .
@SLessard 100% agree. We need a woman like Hillary that can help this country get nursed back together!
Log in to the Google website, then type the question you want to ask into the search engine bar.
Santa Maria or Sta .
The municipality of Sta .
it's not dark or even shadows.
But there's abnormal shadows on the clavicle.
They are weak without you.
After that they got kind of weak.
The main couple in this book is Hope and Karl.
I do like Hope and Karl the gang I didn't like so much too juvenile I think.
Back at Koror camp , the tribe is torn between Janu 's disliked personality and Stephenie being a big threat .
Back at camp , Stephenie tried to pull the Koror girls into a female alliance while Caryn spilled the plot to the men .
One of my favourite WS works, so magical and mystical :)
This is my favourite of his works so far.
A woman wearing a red jacket speaking at a podium.
A black man wearing a gray jacket speaks into a microphone.
@realDonaldTrump Everyone is afraid to put a plan on the table for fear they'll be called a racist...America deserves better
The tenth in the Demonica series and the fifth in the Lords of Deliverance series, Reaver does not let down even a little.
In terms of revelations and anticipation, "Reaver" has been the book that all the series' followers were looking forward to read.
Reaver wants to rescue her and does against the commands of the archangels.
Reaver the once unfallen angel who earned back his wings.
The Prva HNL , also known as 1 .
Prva HNL is a football league which is top division in Croatia .
Do you know what would REALLY PISS .@HillaryClinton OFF? .@VP .@JoeBiden runs against her. LMAO! #WakeUpAmerica No longer is
#HillaryInNH is like Adolph Hitler in a Synagogue. #tcot #uniteblue #ctot
Conduct your warp flight tomorrow morning, just as you planned.
no power, tomorrow morning, make an overlight flight.
A little girl is jumping from bed to bed while a little boy is watching and another little girl has her back to the camera.
This little girl, her blond-hair held back by a red band, sticks her tongue out playfully at the camera.
the heat of the trees penetrated the warmth of the sun.
The summer sun caused a heat shimmer over the ocean.
As of 2000 , the population was 4,743 .
As of 2005 , the population was 63,743 .
Half way through the book I knew who Anushka was, and that was the main point!
Since desperate times call for desperate measures, she is forced to use any means to find Anushka.
Two horse back riders riding on a dirt path.
A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches.
A baby is sleeping with his hand on his face.
A woman in a beaded hat holding a sleeping baby.
It consists of 27 stories that range from fantasy, to sci-fi, to general fiction.
There is some amazing stories but in my opinion there are more bad stories then good ones.
If I was disappointed in anything, it was that there was less interaction between Royce and Hadrian that I would have liked.
The only thing I am sad about is that there are no more Hadrian and Royce stories for me to enjoy.
@ForQ2 I guess @realDonaldTrump really doesnt like or respect any politicians. .I respect him even more for that.
Conflict is a vehicle for change! Ask @realDonaldTrump Trump becoming a front runner. #USA #leadership
@AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump The Media will try to discredit him. Democrats and GOP will attack him. America will Stand with him.
Chorus sung by R. Kelly and Sean Paul. Whoa.
Sean Paul for the majority with a small amount of Bob Marley
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water.
I didn't laugh out loud, it was more of a chuckle inside my mind.
Ghai Saab's comments get me riled up. Laugh out loud.
Here is a list of my favorites.
It's one of my favorites right now.
On my bday I'm always so grateful to my bio parents who gave me up for #adoption #nochoiceisevereasy
Hadn't seen October Baby until the other night. Had me crying thru the whole thing...I don't cry at movies. So touching! #adoption
The Malta national football team is the national football team of Malta and is controlled by the Malta Football Association .
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
Many killed in Syrian air strike
This task requires a long period of time to accomplish if you practice.
ummm.. i started but it takes a long time depending on how much you practice....
The fellow with the tie. His wife took him away.
a woman was taken in a tie by this guy.
I didn't think I liked stories about fairies.
This is a sweet, magical book for children who love fairies - mostly probably girls.
Issues discussed include climate change , coral bleaching , coral disease and coral reef fishing .
Among other issues , it is also concerned with endangered species , pollution and climate change .
Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings.
A group of adults and children dressed up and dancing.
I can't really give the ending of one of my favorite series anything but five stars.
I'm not ashamed to admit her books always manage to squeeze at least one tear out of me.
Dog jumps to catch a Frisbee while people watch.
What are you afraid of @HillaryClinton? If you can't answer questions from the press, why do we want you as POTUS
@HillaryClinton > since trickle down economics has failed when was the last time a poor person created jobs?
In most countries , bovines are used for food .
Bovines are herbivores , and they mostly eat grass .
The initial deployment of the service pack caused a number of machines to continually reboot , rendering the machines unusable .
This caused Microsoft to temporarily suspend automatic deployment of the service pack until the problem was resolved .
Reuben claims he changes after getting the "wolf gift" but he really doesn't.
The Wolf Gift was a nice little escape.
I'm happy to have read them but feel a strange sense of loss now the story is over.
She pulls the reader in and takes you on another epic journey with the characters you feel so accustomed to.
RT @hale_razor:#HillaryAccomplishments 1 of select few people fired 4 being 2 unethical 2 investigate Watergate
It's more than mistakes...with #HillaryClinton lying and cover-ups are a way of life. @NormanSie @n2toom #tcot #uniteblue
A month, a little longer.
I'd like to finish out the month.
@HuffPostPol If @HillaryClinton can do half of what he did then she would be doing is a favor
This weekend is the Hillary For America Weekend of Action & I hope you'll participate. -L #California
She dreams of a red door that never budges on an island covered in snow white feathers.
But she dreams every night of flying to an island covered with white feathers.
RCTV continued to broadcast via satellite and cable as RCTV International .
It is also available via analog cable television .
Hillary can not win. Here's hoping the Dems offer a real candidate like Warren. #Warren2016
Use your brain, keep Hillary out of the White House.Clinton2016
THE @realDonaldTrump **MAKING TWO FEES INSTEAD OF ONE** WE NEED A WINNER IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !!
A man in a purple had climbs a rocky wall with his hands.
A young girl ascends an indoor climbing wall.
Check it out if you are a fan of fantasy and especially if you like steampunk.
While most are classifying this as steampunk I find it feels much more like space opera to me.
Prill knelt facing him, straddling him like a succubus.
on his groin he sat astride the Sukubus with Prillini's face.
OH REALLY here is my e-mail address tupac_lover_00@yahoo.com
This email address might be of some assistance to you. "do_i_look_like_aaron@aaroncarter.com.
You are able to download or purchase from amazon.com
Have you tried the American Express website?
I tried their website but that didn't help.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are an idiot. #america #politics #sticktoyourhair
@realDonaldTrump you know that middle class is Latino's, right? You just shitted all over that working class you claim to need.
Four young children on a sandy beach, with rocks and others in the background.
A child swims in a stream, whilst other children wait to jump off a rock.
Philae was the last of the ancient Egyptian temples to be closed .
There was a temple built to her at Philae .
In the aim for equality we have forgotten the most innocent, the smallest, the most precious among us. The unborn. #catholic
We are surprised at #SCOTUS ruling on marriage? Isn't this the the same government agency that legalized murder?
Greensburg Community High School is one of six members of the Eastern Indiana Athletic Conference .
Greensburg is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
Men waiting, some sitting and other standing.
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
The water immediately divides and Elijah and Elisha cross on dry land .
Elijah then agreed , but only if Elisha would see him be taken to heaven .
lol probably Jesus Of Suburbia or Anything off of 1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hour
A old man with a cane walks by a blue cart selling items.
An old man talks to a younger woman wearing a name tag.
), there is something about the experience of reading a Sookie book that makes you feel "at home.
Once again Sookie finds herself in more danger, but this time around she is able to handle herself better.
The Brethren, on the other hand, were committing crimes.
the Brotherhood is committed to crimes.
Cullen ached for her and became a broken beast when his daughter was abducted.
Then his daughter is kidnapped and he needs Taige to save her.
As the reader, you start suspecting sooner than Briony, but it is a real struggle at times to get there.
Oh, Briony, Briony, Briony; you are one of my favorite narrators of all time!
Yet again I'm having trouble figuring out what to say about "Mistral's Kiss.
It is a fantasy series....magic, sex and power.... Now onto my review of Mistral's Kiss...
Must add Gwen and Drustan to my list of all-time favorite literary couples!
Drustan is a Highlander Druid living way back when while Gwen lives in modern times.
Aslan to Bree Isn't Narnia the best?
It really is a good book, and a solid part of the Narnia series.
#ProLifeYouth know that human life = human life, inside the womb or out.
It is a significant event, especially with a shy girl.
Especially when he is shy and trying to accompany you.
Many creative thinkers of Hasidic mysticism established the variety of Hasidic approaches .
It began in Eastern Europe and there are now Hasidic communities all over the world .
Visit the website for National Public Radio: www.npr.org
Look, I've got to work late tonight, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'll be late for work today.
He actually asks Talin if he can embrace her the first time.
But found Talin a poor heroine.
Congratulations @HillaryClinton on entering the 2016 race for President! You have the support of Jews all over the world!
@ChelseaClinton's mom has got it going on! #POTUS #ChelseasMom
That past (unfulfilled) love has shaped the very world that Raisa and Han exist in - shaping both their fortunes and perhaps their destiny.
Raisa and Han are both off (separately) to Oden's Ford and it's amazing.
Ouendan while incorporating many of the improvements in gameplay made in Elite Beat Agents .
Ouendan and Elite Beat Agents , both for the DS .
I am VERY anxiously anticipating what Robin Hobb writes next!
I would've given 4 stars (out of pre-existing love) to the first half, but the second is Robin Hobb at her finest.
I hope Crash wins the Oscar for Best Picture instead of Brokeback Mountain.
Playboy, Titanic, Crash, Ghetto Luv, and if you prefer, Brokeback Mountain.
maybe you should be interested in the older sister.
Will she view me as a her older sister?
yep my daughter uses limewire all of time its just great!!!!!
.@HillaryClinton is a droid & someone's programmed her to say things - thinks she doesn't have to WORK to win so she ISN'T!
Save an intern.... Keep Bill & Hillary out of the White House.
A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a green Frisbee.
The wagon lurched as one of the rear wheels hit a sunken rock.
Tire tracks like wagon wheels made two lines through the snow.
Ian is an asshole in the first book, and in the first part of Moonglow we see some residuals of that.
Ian I could take or leave.
I don't remember it, but I do remember POWER RANGERS
Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area
What a great day to argue the benefits of making abortion legal
Go to the website "wikipedia.com" and search it from there.
With the fall of silence already happened in the first chapter of this series, we know what Silver has watched and seen what can happen.
Silver Silence is the first book in the psy-changling trinity but I think of it as the 16th book in the psy-changeling series.
Overall it's a fun, quick book.
Overall, The Graveyard Book was definitely something that turned me on to Neil Gaiman.
They'll chopper out a surgeon within the hour.
I'll have planes in the air within the hour.
Hughley in the same strip club, in Charlotte, NC.
As Arin enlists dangerous allies in the struggle to keep his country's freedom, he can't fight the suspicion that Kestrel knows more than she shows.
The entire story was solely Arin and Kestrel pining for one another, and the hardships they faced that kept them apart.
Storms are a big deal in my family.
our family is experiencing a lot of storms.
One uses MP3 for sound files and MP4 for movie files.
Name of the ground albedo coefficient input raster map [-]
raster bitmap name (albeda) [-]
E is the fifth letter in the Latin alphabet .
Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL withdrew its support for the Kingston location .
The NHL team with the most player inductees is the Toronto Maple Leafs , with 56 .
Professional hockey players are eagerly fighting for the puck.
Two hockey players are fighting with a referee watches.
Did it convert me into a Anne Rice fan, yes and no.
Khara is the adopted daughter of Hades.
Khara as a character is complex.
i like de niro, pacino, i like stanley tucci!
Due to the fact that Robert De Niro portrays the devil (in the film).
Before he gets out of control.
Punk was out of control.
Miranda and Caliban are kept under her father's finger through physical punishment and emotional manipulation.
Like everything I've ever read by Carey, Miranda and Caliban is lush, eloquent, and swoon-worthy.
and if start seeing a lot of things thru their eyes too.
as soon as you see his eyes start to wonder its already too late.
Moca is the capital of Espaillat province in the Dominican Republic .
The Dominican city of Pedernales is the capital of the province of Pedernales , in the Dominican Republic .
My mom used to listen to Karen Carpenter often.
My sister and I used to sing that often.
I watch the Real World because I like that show!!!
Go to MTV.com and find the REAL WORLD link.
In 2008 and 2009 , Paste was nominated for a National Magazine Award in the category of General Excellence .
In 2007 , he was nominated for the Group Executive of the Year award by Radio & Records magazine .
The first recorded use of silver as a color name in English was in 1481 .
The first recorded use of the word lavender as a color term in English was in 1705 .
Regions having a subarctic climate are characterized by long , usually very cold winters , and short , cool to mild summers .
The Slovak climate lies between the temperate and continental climate zones with relatively warm summers and cold , cloudy and humid winters .
Mukda was never forecast to make landfall .
Mukda started in the Arabian Sea on September 21 .
@BillKristol GOP, Dems & Media are all scared of Trump. I am thoroughly enjoying the hand-wringing and hysterical name calling.
After every @realDonaldTrump interview I watch I get more pumped up for November 2016 when this country can be made great again.
If Question 4 is answered in the affirmative:
Szell is also credited with giving the orchestra its distinct , European sound .
Szell then improved the orchestra during the 24 years he was with them .
Some men would find blondes, redheads, or even gray hair sexy.
That sounds great. May the beauty of gray hair be with you.
Bravo, Neal Shusterman, for once again awing us with an epic story that will stick with most of us for the rest of our lives.
Do you know why Neal Shusterman is one of my favourite authors?
Dracula Night by Charlaine Harris Sookie Stackhouse is invited to a party where the guest of honor would like a taste of her.
I certainly enjoyed the Sookie Stackhouse "Dracula Night" by Charlaine Harris.
Hey at @realDonaldTrump I'll vote for you if you adopt me!
A woman smoking a cigarette plays guitar.
a older woman in a cowboy hat smoking a cigarette.
A woman dressed in dark colors pushing someone in a wheelchair.
A young boy pushes a large man in a wheelchair.
a white dog jumping in green grass by a brickwall and a stream of water
Blond woman in a tunnel.
The couple kissing is near a blond woman.
He received the society 's Darwin Medal in 1922 .
In 1967 , Sturtevant received the National Medal of Science .
Victoria 's son , Edward VII , and , in turn , his son , George V , reigned as members of this house .
George V was the last king of Hanover and a member of the German branch of the House of Hanover .
Jessamy is the teacher of angelic young, a library, and the keeper of angelic knowledge/archives.
It's the courting story of Refuge's historian, Jessamy and Galen, weapon-master and one of Raphael's seven.
This strange man is a lot more sinister than he seems at first and soon Rudger and Amanda are fighting for their lives.
Tragedy strikes when Amanda and Rudger are trying to get away from Mr. Bunting and get hit by a car.
A woman standing outside painting a picture of the view.
A male paused in thought while painting a picture.
A man is about to land on the ground after parachuting at a blue angels air show.
A man is in a large field pulling on a string that is attached to a hot air balloon.
`` Pecan '' is from an Algonquian word , meaning a nut requiring a stone to crack .
The word ` megalith ' comes from the Ancient Greek megas meaning great , and lithos meaning stone .
Heading on up to South Park, gonna see if I can't unwind.
Will South Park be the same, or will it change?
3 women are sitting down posing for a picture.
Old man poses for picture in front of construction site.
I met a girl on the phone, we become very good friends.
Have you ever met the man you speak to on the phone?
Older man and woman are in costume on stage during a performance.
An old man is standing before a crowd to perform a feat.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Good morning Patriots, let us continue to Pray for this great Nation and the #UnBorn on this great day God has given us!! #ccot
We all have a duty to protect the sanctity of life...from the first cell division, to the last. #ProtectLife #pjnet #ctot #ccot
Partly upheld the opposition Decision of the Board of Appeal:
Rejected the opposition in its entirety Decision of the Board of Appeal:
The Finnish Santa Claus lives in Korvatunturi but Santa 's Official Post Office is situated in Rovaniemi at the Arctic circle .
There is a theme park in Rovaniemi , which is near Korvatunturi , called Santa Claus Village .
Everything about Frosty and Milla made it my favorite out of the four.
A Mad Zombie Party is through the perspective's of Frosty and Milla.
See more about the Hydraulis and its further development in pipe organ .
A hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that was powered by water .
#ProLifeYouth know that life begins at conception.
It's so brilliant that #lovewins - now extend the equality to women's rights #abortionrights
A man wearing a jacket and jeans taking a picture of a spaceman in the city.
A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture.
I first saw then band on an episode of Monk.
Believe me when I say I saw that episode.
A toddler with a blue scarf wrapped on his head plays with a wooden toy.
A toddler sticks paper "P" letters to a wood paneled wall.
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Why is is that younger men like older women?
Why don't young men like older women?
Enzymes are known to catalyze about 4,000 biochemical reactions .
Almost all biochemical reactions in living things require enzymes .
In #scotus majority opinion, substitute abortion for capital punishment, and you have the opinion for the Texas clinic case.
Every sentence must contain formal words to designate what Husserl calls `` formal categories '' .
Husserl also identifies a series of `` formal words '' which are necessary to form sentences and have no sensible correlates .
Caesar salad , Chef salad , Cobb salad , Greek salad and Michigan salad are types of dinner salad .
Several other early chef salad recipes mention crumbling Roquefort cheese over the salad .
& I bet that @HillaryClinton is thee best choice for President in 2016she's the next best one for the people #Vote
@UCBerkeley No Such Thing As An Unforced #ProlifeYouth
@bethanyshondark do you mean Bristol? She was just being honest about her feelings - many can relate - hope they choose life too!
More fun still, there wasn't even a desk.
even better, there wasn't even a table.
This story is a little departure from the first book in the series Bitten in that this story is not only about vampires.
Other races like vampires and shamans exist and communicate with each other, mostly to prevent their outing.
A black dog runs along the grass.
A dog with a muzzle in the grass and sunlight.
Iraj Mirza , son of Gholam Hossein Mirza , was a famous Iranian poet .
Andrew Barton `` Banjo '' Paterson was a famous Australian bush poet , journalist and author .
A wonderful collection of interconnected stories with some overlapping characters that transcends its genre.
I love reading short stories that I can pick up and put down.
Enid Blyton was a prolific author of short stories .
Books : Enid Blyton : a biography .
Suddenly, to Spock's amazement, the translator began speaking.
Spock's astonishment suddenly came to Spock's astonishment.
The angst is delicious, and I will be sure to pick up the next Moskowitz book I see.
Ms. Moskowitz has a way of making the reader feel intense emotion.
A traffic cop direction traffic in a high population area.
Police are driving down the street in formation.
@realDonaldTrump Making America a Nationalism society
.@realDonaldTrump is the real deal folks. He tells the truth. Get used to it!
Angelina Jolie sent her resume to me.
Angelina Jolie is the Ambassador for UNICEF.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A fit beach volleyball player is preparing for a bump.
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
Dolly Parton was the original writer.
dollywood proudly owned by dolly parton
People crowded around a computer.
A man working on the computer.
@realDonaldTrump I recommend @seanhannity as Sec of Defense and @marklevinshow as your new Atty General.
The penal settlement of Port Arthur is now a tourist attraction .
The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the early 1830s .
Dump the cheater & Move on with that information
There were some more predictable parts in this book than in the past.
I'm not sure quite what it was about the book that wasn't compelling.
Even the virgins go down on guys.
There are no virgins left.
A group of four friends are drinking alcohol at a party.
People playing Foosball while drinking alcohol.
Some women have very sensitive nipples, and some women do not.
Olivia, Liza, and Gil are all members of the secret sisterhood of heartbreakers and they want Lucy to join them.
Olivia, a senior, invites Lucy over to her house to help her get over her heartbreak.
A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.
A little child with a spotted dog toy is playing in water spouts.
a little boy is wearing water wings in a swimming pool.
Infringement rendered the company concerned liable for damages.
in breach of this provision, the relevant company must reimburse the damage.
Toronto won the series and advanced to the Stanley Cup finals .
Under Dandurand 's ownership , the Canadiens won the Stanley Cup in 1924 , 1930 , and 1931 .
In the absence of parentheses , certain precedence rules determine the order of operations .
A logarithm transforms the operations of multiplication and division to addition and subtraction according to the rules and .
A number of other twentieth century composers made extensive use of the fugue .
This is why many composers have ended long works with a fugue .
The book was too long and there were way too many scenes where nothing happens.
I really wanted to give this book four or five stars but I just couldn't.
Marco Delvecchio is an Italian footballer .
Matthias Sindelar was an Austrian footballer .
I tell you it was a well-worn track.
I'm telling you, it's an embroidered trail.
A black dog running in the snow.
A black dog running on a beach.
Her hair was a different color when she came back into the store.
Pretty women are pretty.... hardly dependant on their hair color.
I was captivated by the plot and seeing Peter Pan from a more intense, graphically violent and emotionally complicated perspective.
Lovers of Peter Pan, or any type of fantasy fairy tale, will likely fall in love with this book.
My overall opinion of A Cursed Bloodline is that it had the potential to be great, but ended up just being okay.
A familiar enemy shows up in the beginning of A CURSED BLOODLINE and puts another obstacle in Celia and Aric's path to happiness.
A little bit Dresden Files meets Harry Potter by way of a pinch of Neil Gaiman.
This guy has shot past Neil Gaiman, Jim Butcher and very nearly (but not quite) grazed Terry Pratchett on my favourite authors list.
For this one, she nailed Mishka and Jaxon.
I loved Jaxon and his back-story but Mishka was freaking me out a little.
The heat felt worse than ever after being cold and dry for an hour.
The air was thick with heat and laced with the dry scent of the chaparral.
We learn about The Holders through Becca's eyes: their history and their present.
The story does center around discovering a new reality, that there is a thing called Holders and everything that their world entails.
I think I will read patternmaster next because I regret not going through these in publication order rather than chronological order.
Odd to see her try to knit her distant past (Wild Seed) to her distant future (Patternmaster) with an interim book.
#ThingsYouDontSayAsAPolitician: "I'm personally opposed to #abortion, but..." Abortion is WRONG. Period. youth
In the end you will find yourself heart broken.
Two groups of shirtless men are in the water in the distance.
A shirtless guy with blue shorts and a surfboard walking towards the beach water.
Oh, well, I check on the guys down at the fifth street encampment every few days.
once in a few days I'm going to check out the camp on 5th Street.
I watched #AfterTiller and it gave me a whole new perspective on a woman's right to choose. #womensRights
people in the government care more about words in a bible than women and their bodies
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running.
The name comes from French , meaning Big Island .
The name comes from the Greek term gymnos meaning naked .
Donald Trump is the man lets get this man in the White House!!!
@BretBaier #CandidateCasino #Trumps the real deal, hand him the wheel, he can drive &make the climb to take #US up the hill. Vote
He is singing while playing the guitar.
A man playing the accordion with a girl singing and playing the tambourine.
uniformed policemen writhed in the hands of the machine gun.
The weapon was an Uzi machine gun.
It describes every zelda game that is in the market.
So if you love zelda and link and their history.
Of mothers advising their daughter's to abort are insane! It's unacceptable!! #Condoms #ItsNotOnItsNotSafe
Off to the #clinic this morning. 2015 and we still have to chase away anti-choice nutters harassing our patients.
Readers of paranormal romances will love this story.
This book (the first in the successful paranormal romance series aptly titled Witchblood) opens with a prologue that absolutely works.
I'm pro choice for if you want to kill living babies, go right ahead.
So prolifers are against health rights?
A woman singing while a man plays guitar.
A man sings and plays the guitar into a microphone.
Naguib Mahfouz was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature .
At the time of his death , he was the only Arabic-language writer to have won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Afterlife raises the bar on what I expect from Marcus Sakey a whole lot higher than it previously was.
In Afterlife, Sakey takes a similar approach, but to a fantasy concept instead.
TY Michael @ASavageNation "I'd do anything to help him; he's right, he's telling the truth" @realDonaldTrump #BoycottMacys
LOOKS LIKE LIBREALS OUR AFTER @Paula_Deen AGAIN,, THANK GOD FOR @realDonaldTrump
A water polo event takes place with a yellow ball in a swimming pool.
a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool.
The stadium opened in 1929 , and was originally named Denny Stadium , in honor of former Alabama president George Hutchenson Denny .
Bryant-Denny Stadium , located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , is the home stadium for the University of Alabama football team .
Of course I love Harry Potter.
All in all, a fun read and a nice addition to the Harry Potter universe.
A purple paraglider flying over the ocean near a cliff.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean.
Although I'll admit it was a little bit slow to start, The Golem and the Jinni was, in all, truly incredible.
The Jinni is something more familiar in popular culture (I Dream of Genie).
Baekje 's religious and artistic culture influenced Goguryeo and Silla .
The Three Kingdoms of Korea were Goguryeo , Baekje and Silla .
The Toei Asakusa Line began service to Shimbashi in 1968 , and the elevated Yurikamome station opened in 1995 .
Shimbashi Station is a Railway station of JR East , Tokyo Metro , Toei Subway , and Yurikamome in Tokyo .
Freya is 20-something in line to the throne, but after a mass poisoning, somehow queenship still manages to fall on her shoulders.
Freya leaves a banquet at the palace and pretty much everyone who stays is poisoned.
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
With the Kanye West song "Golddigger.
Touch the Sky by Kanye West.
Another primary feud from Raw was between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon .
Near the end of the match , Shane locked Michaels in the sharpshooter , and Vince ordered the match to end .
A small child smiling at the camera.
A cat looking at the camera.
The anchovy eats plankton and fry .
It eats plankton and fish larvae .
The Accidental Vampire, Elvi and Victor's book
Elvie Black was accidentally turned into a Vampire while vacationing in Mexico with her best friend.
The good: There's a real poetry to the way Lovecraft puts together a sentence.
Overall , the median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline .
The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face .
They also performed at the UK leg of Live Earth on 7 July 2007 at Wembley Stadium .
Adams first stop of the UK leg of the tour at the Prince 's Trust charity concert at Wembley Stadium , London .
Water transportation has its node on Lake Zug at Zug .
Zug is a small town at the northeastern corner of Lake Zug .
U know what isn't funny? Male politicians deciding what women should do with their body's.
@ShowTruth No. It's absurd to refer to healthcare that saves pregnant people's lives as "killing.
You men on here may want to reconsider your questions and answers!
Ask other questions because I don't have any answers.
I'm killing my baby tonight, I don't care if it's wrong or right!
@SuePalmers @LSDsr Nothing to do with me. It's not my choice, nor is it yours, to dictate what another woman chooses. #feminism
mick jagger keith richards thtas all i know
My heroes are Jim Morrison, David Le Roth, and Mick Jagger.
That Huxley and Wilberforce remained on courteous terms after the debate says something about both men , whereas Huxley and Owen were never reconciled .
Many thought Huxley won that debate , which helped Huxley 's career , and the theory of evolution .
Pohjola graduated from Berklee with honors and several prizes in 1994 .
He graduated at age 17 with high honors .
In 1963 , Hilary discovered Kingsley 's love affair with novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard .
The first time in 1948 to Hilary Bardwell and then to novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard in 1965 .
I AM A CROOK...and I like it, like it, yes I do #HillaryCampaignSlogan #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016 #specialreport
Seems to me that the Empress Hotel and a couple other creep joints... ...they're Red cross country.
yes, there's a red cross in the Empress Hotel and a few similar businesses are home.
The London Borough of Enfield is the most northerly London borough and forms part of Outer London .
It was abolished in 1965 and its area now forms part of the London Borough of Camden .
Vampire Valentine (4 stars) The first story is the Argeneau tale.
My review is only based on the Lynsay Sands Vampire Valentine.
@vacanti @samglover Maybe a woman should be President.
All of the characters were interesting and the methods of the various gods deaths were incredibly crazy and painful.
Through Athena's chapters, we learn the gods are mysteriously dying.
I have undoubtedly read other books by Piers Anthony.
This is the first book by Piers Anthony that I have read.
And should the Bondsmagi decide Locke is shirking his duties and instead getting close to Sabetha, punishment will be swift and violent.
Maybe just skim the Locke and Sabetha parts....
@mrprolife Complications come with all types of medical procedures, doesn't mean procedure itself should be banned. #DealWithIt
Not the nice sweet fairies, but the evil, alien, sinister fairies.
The mixture of the fairy and mundane world is not a smooth transition with problems on all sides.
I was really excited when I got my hands on a copy of this book.
What Drew Me to This Book?
The family name is derived from the genus Vitis .
The order name is derived from genus Fagus , Beeches .
the countries catching up: Slovenia, Hungary, Portugal, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Greece, Cyprus and Malta;
these countries are the following: Finland, Lithuania, Latvia, Malta, Poland, Portugal, Romania and the United Kingdom.
With her father as her best friend, Bree cannot imagine a better life.
Bree and her father treated each other as equals and she wasn't afraid to tell him what he needed to hear.
Walked upstairs, turned off the basement light, locked the door out to the hallway.
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place
Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'
A man in an orange shirt and bathing suit rolls in a plastic ball through water.
A young boy in a bathing suit launches into the air over water while an older man looks on.
@RealDonaldTrump I feel the truth when Mr. Trump speaking, people need to understand who really cares about America
Figure it out and then go to a website with those kinds of products.
The website, www.amazon.com, has a very good selection of products.
So why read, the bone clocks.
Well that happened to the audiobook version of The Bone Clocks.
a hero rose from that chaos.
For through the chaos a moment appeared.
I may even be able to purchase the item!
Two workers are walking around a construction site.
The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket.
From October 20 to the 22nd , a hurricane hit Virginia , causing heavy damage and winds in the Richmond area .
There , heavy flooding , high winds , crop damage , and unusually large hail occurred .
@DWStweets @RepDWStweets is a seven pound baby murderer. Too bad her Mom didn't have the same operation. #Baby #Democrats #Losers
People aren't 'pro-life' they're 'pro-birth'. When a mother can't provide what happens then?
It's hard for Wil to accept that Black Knife and Tobiah are the same person, and that's a struggle for her to overcome in this.
Surprisingly, though I loved Wil and Tobiah so much, my favorite character was the wraith boy.
The Sea Witch by Marissa Meyer.
The same goes to Marissa Meyer too.
Denise Grover Swank is on tour with CLP Blog Tours.
Denise Grover Swank hit it out of the park with this one, in my opinion.
In Tamil Nadu , the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE .
After the independence of India , the state of Tamil Nadu was created based on linguistic boundaries .
Dangerous Creatures is book 1 in the Dangerous Creatures series, and follow up to the Beautiful Creatures series.
The Downs: Well what kind of sucks is that I think you should read the Beautiful Creatures series first.
So quiet it hurts to hear it.
it will be so quiet when your ears hurt.
Can't wait to get my #YaaasHillary shirt! @HillaryClinton
@17leete17 hahaha. He is some kind of special.. this is why Hillary's going to win! Hahaha.
Was it you knew for a fact that she went with her daddy? Or somebody told you that's what happened?
did you know she went to my dad's house, or did anyone tell you it was?
hand her you american express card
in the event of a negative answer to the first question:
Unfortunately Eliza May doesn't believe in a soul mate and has her own fears about creatures with otherworldly powers.
His partnership with Eliza and their developing romance offer a surprising role reversal in regards to typical male female roles in romances.
Young also answers and provides closure to what happens in A Need So Beautiful.
A WANT SO WICKED is a well-thought out and deliciously addictive sequel to A NEED SO BEAUTIFUL.
There is nothing as satisfying as intercourse after marriage.
A marriage takes work, but can be very satisfying.
He's not quite as mysterious and all-powerful as his GIM and other supernaturals think he is.
The service of the GIM, is not as cut and dry as it may seem.
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a hotdog.
A little girl in a blue hat is eating a cupcake.
@Catniptwoshoes @hoursofChaos @bindelj if men could get pregnant things would change pretty quickly! #BackOff
And I'm happy to report that Brenna did not disappoint.
Brenna Yovanoff employs the commonly used story of Heaven and Hell and makes it her own.
When is abortion a responsible choice? When a woman chooses it to be
@nytimes Thanks to anti-choicers, women dealing with this may also face prosecution.
The Heilongjiang Television and Harbin Economy Radio both serve as the media outlets of this region .
Harbin is a city in Northeast China , located in the Heilongjiang province .
V is the twenty-second letter in the basic modern Latin alphabet .
U is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , used to represent the vowel except after palatalized consonants .
I read all seven books in this series in two weeks.
I think that would be totally cool to read a story with those two as the characters.
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide.
A person surfs in the curl of a wave, obsured by the falling water.
@MarthaPlimpton It's not Monday on Twitter until some right wing troll sends me a video of an abortion #ReproRights
My daughter, she's trapped inside please somebody save my daughter
someone will save my daughter.
The Romance in this novel is basically a love triangle between Dez, Jace and Reese.
Jace or Reese, Jace or Reese.
It also formerly featured a radio show known as The Way of the Master Radio with talk show host Todd Friel .
He is the host of The Sean Hannity Show , a nationally-syndicated talk-radio show that airs throughout the United States on Premiere Radio Networks .
Hillary doesn't want to put anyone in prison anymore. Obviously worried about her own future.
@realDonaldTrump they may be dumping you now, but when you're president they'll be begging for your business.
Two men from opposing teams with dirty uniforms in a match of rugby.
Two wrestlers get down and dirty on the mat in this intense match experience.
Yeah, yeah. Unless there's an emergency at the office.
if I don't have an emergency.
@WashTimes @BretBaier Why is there no outrage about all the smoke & mirrors w/ this candidate? Are you hiding Hill! #SpillHill
I'm really excited for 2016 after finding out the amount @HillaryClinton raised. We got this.
There is also the matter of her romantic interest in Allarde.
I also found the instant energized connection between Tory and Allarde a bit trite, as well it felt forced and rushed.
For example , `` One has one 's own Slough of Despond to trudge through . ''
We often talk of a `` Slough of Despond '' or a `` Hill Difficulty '' etc.
RT @rob_mcarthur: @JustinTrudeau try joining the millions of slaughtered unborn CHILDREN robbed of their right to choose. #cdnpoli
In addition , the concept of entropy is studied via quantum theory .
Waves form a basis for both , provided one incorporates quantum theory .
Castle Glower has been with her family for many generations, but this one may be its last.
The current King Glower and his wife have four children.
Just met an awesome supporter on the CX bus! He said "Hillary is one strong woman and we need that for our country." #FellowsNV
Fabulous @HillaryClinton ! You hit on every subject and I am proud of you ending on a note of kindness. #HillaryInNH
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Apparently #Trump values riches so much he can't afford values. #Trumpelstiltskin
The most poignant moments for me were when Loup was finally able to be herself, and shed her facade of being "normal".
It makes Loup hard to understand sometimes but also hard to resist because it's her weakness as much as it is her strength.
British brass bands are made entirely up of brass , mostly conical bore instruments .
They are not called brass instruments although they are made of brass .
A child in a blue sweater holds a pen in his mouth.
Small child in green sweater with plant in mouth.
An amazing accomplishment, and I wanted to read what the hype was about.
This trilogy is just simply amazing.
They were inseparable that summer and every summer for the next 4 years, then Cullen experienced a tragedy that he blamed Taige for not stopping.
The length of the prologue is long because it helps us understand Taige and Cullen and how their relationship developed.
Stormy Smith is an incredible author who knows how to captivate her audience and keep them on the edge of their seats!
Check out my review of Bound by Duty by Stormy Smith at Books Equal Awesomeness!
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water.
There is a reflection near the bear's feet indicating there is water.
Echo, Ivy, Dorian, Jasper, and Caius are in hiding.
Especially since I quite loved the dynamic between Caius and Echo in the first book.
I was born 4 months premature... I'm perfectly fine, somehow killing babies is legal in this country.
Now that the govt and The Supremes have saved the gays, maybe they will save the babies next.
Metallica is not a heavy metal band.
check out this site for more info:
Try www.allmusic.com, it's my favorite site.
Escape Rating B+: Cast in Sorrow picks up almost moments after Cast in Peril ends; they are practically one story.
I loved the continuation of the story from Cast in Peril.
Oddly enough, it's not played much on the radio where I'm from.
At first I liked it, but the radio stations just played it out!
But the insurance companies don't pay for it, of course.
of course, it's not for an insurance company.
A man in a denim jacket playing the piano in the street.
A man in a red and black jacket playing a saxophone.
The planet is named after Venus , the Roman goddess of love and beauty .
In Roman mythology , the moon goddess is called Luna , Latin for `` moon '' .
Nonetheless, this is an entirely enjoyable story, as long as you're willing to accept its incredible length.
This is my favorite fiction book story ever by far.
A young man skateboarding on a short wall.
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
Hope owes a debt to the Cortez Cabal, so when Benicio asks her to do a job, she says yes.
When the powerful head of the Cortez Cabal, Benicio asks for her assistance with a problem, Hope is reluctant to accept the job.
Anyone who is against @realDonaldTrump 4 president, has no clue of his success and the potential of greatness he can do 4 us.
Symptoms that can-- - What are they saying?
the characters they can -- - What do they say?
Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov is a Russian professional ice hockey forward and occasional defenseman currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .
Evgeni Viktorovich Nabokov is a Russian and Kazakhstani professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League .
The parents are cheering on this group of children in a race.
Children running towards a very big tree.
Hollywood movies are usually considered mainstream and blockbusters are also mainstream films .
Hollywood films are mostly screened here along with some selected Bollywood films .
Don't get me wrong I loved Jace, but I thought Reese was a much better match for Dez.
Adults Tritherapy Refer to the SmPC for boceprevir.
Refer to the dabrafenib SmPC for further information.
yeah and so is bubbles lol
Bubbles used to reside next door.
Think more strongly about how to determine what you want to do.
what you got to do is set your mind back to the right path.
A bearded long-haired man walking on a street carrying a garbage bag.
An elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground.
A person in a green jacket talks on a cellphone in a train station.
A man talking on his cellphone wearing white shoes.
@realDonaldTrump let the haters run away. You can now see who you're true supporters are.
@GoAngelo it's obvious Macy's and NBC and ESPN and ... are chokers. #Trumpisassclown
The two little girls jump on the bed.
A little girl is jumping down a sandy hill.
@ChrisChristie couldn't run his way out of a paper bag let alone beat #HillaryClinton. Go home Chris u r drunk. #ChrisChristie
Republican candidates continuing to spread hatred and alienating the voters. Hillary wins! #LoveWins #MikeHuckabee #Rubio2016
One of the most public displays of their strained relationship appeared during the Salem Witch Trials .
He is most well known for his connection to the Salem witch trials .
a group of young children playing on a plastic boat inside a house
2 small children are in boat floating in the water.
Anna hasn't promised anything she didn't deliver so far.
so far, Anna has promised nothing to fail.
@realDonaldTrump @WhoopiGoldberg @Univision #VoteForHillary @HillaryClinton isn't racist. A leader who demands #EqualityForAll
Hilly & Barry's Bloody Benghazi Bamboozle #HillaryIceCreamFlavors #tcot #WakeUpAmerica
Locomotive repairs finished in 1952 , and the works closed in 1959 .
These were the last units to be built at York works before it closed .
Two stars for the brilliant concept.
The whole series is just brilliant, in my opinion!
A climber scales a steep rock face.
A rock climber pauses to look out over the ocean.
It didn't flow very nicely and I was a little confused when Alice suddenly found herself in Neverland.
It was magical and full of wonder, just like in the original Alice in Wonderland.
A young boy is walking towards a seagull on the shoreline of a beach.
@realDonaldTrump you're the man for the job #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The novel is told in the POV's of Pollux, Kate and Henry.
This story starts out telling us some history of Castor and Pollux who are on the run from the Zeus.
Originally named amaroK , it was renamed to Amarok in June 2006 .
Amarok 's first stable version was released in 2003 .
A little blond girl splashing in a mud puddle.
A little girl is getting splashed by water.
3.5 stars Destroy Me was four stars while Fracture Me was three.
Just a heads up, if you've already read Destroy Me and Fracture Me, there's no point in getting Unite Me.
He is the younger brother of Danny Moir and Charlie Moir .
Other relatives of Moir 's are judges and coaches .
A number of microscopic algae also occur as symbionts in lichens .
They feed primarily on algae , but also lichens , mosses , or decaying organic materials .
There's an undeniable inverse correlation between women's right to choose and crime rates #womensrights
@SenTedCruz Great job on @TODAYshow. #Scotus should have been eliminated 41 years ago when they called for the murder of children.
Within each shaft, as many as ten thousand corPoreals lived among the winding paths through the Wald.
more than ten thousand physical people lived inside each shaft, between the flows of Leys.
Kat She sings like an angle
Boy George sings this song.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Jim Richards Mark Skaife Nissan Skyline BNR32 GT-R 161 laps 6h 19m 14.80 s
Peter Brock Jim Richards Holden VC Commodore 163 laps 6h 47m 52.7 s
There are conflicting definitions of how strong .
There are other definitions as well .
Before the announcement of new district , Hunza-Nagar was part of district Gilgit .
The Hunza-Nagar District is the seventh district of Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan .
Joke with her and then leave.
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half of the range lies in Los Angeles County .
The mountain range forms a barrier between the Greater Los Angeles Area and the Mojave Desert .
The Black-capped Chickadee has a black cap and bib with white sides to the face .
The back of the body of the black-capped chickadee is gray .
Just a reminder, don't take your eyes off #SCOTUS yet #reprohealth is still on the line. #womensrights #ReproJustice #reprorights
Abortion is on the wrong side of history: healers, inventors, artists, your wife, your husband, your best friend, all eliminated.
The dog is chasing the geese.
One dog is chasing the other.
Do you have any understanding on what you're speaking about?
I know which one you're speaking about as well. Dangabit.
Tell him to close his eyes and describe you!
Giampaolo Menichelli is a retired Italian footballer .
Ademir Santos is a retired Brazilian-Japanese footballer .
Chrome quickly gained about 1 % market share despite Mac OS X and Linux versions still being under development .
Mac OS X and Linux versions are under development and are going to be released after the Windows version .
The heroine, Harmony Lancaster, is very much a study in contrasts.
Harmony Lancaster, a lion breed female, is Jonas Wyatt's half sister and was also an assassin named Death.
Make the breadcrumb too small and he might miss it.
he could miss too much.
The inn and your host, Dina Demille, will defend you at all costs.
Fortunately for Dina, her werewolf, Sean, is not willing to let Arland try to fascinate Dina without his presence.
If it's getting old maybe you should stop calling embryos & fetuses babies.
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards.
Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building.
Rod Stewart is a singer that sings those songs well.
He's a handsome arabian singer. He sings in english.
His first collection of short stories , Lose , was published in 2007 .
After attending multiple writers ' conventions , she began writing short stories .
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store filled with Pokemon items.
There is a little boy, playing with Pokemon cards.
@jhewitt1280 @SpeakerBoehner @HouseBenghazi @TGowdySC What her emails? They released the rest all very boring.
Kind of scares me that there are still thousands of emails that have not been released from Hillary's private emails.
Oh my god, Alyssa, are you freaking serious?!
We do see Alyssa begin to fall for her maker, Lysander.
This manga started of slow, but I really enjoyed chapter 3.
*4.5* This was really great, these are my favorite types of plots for manga & anime.
They did not help him and I feel really bad about that.
then left him hanging and i feel really bad.
as the murder weapon, he had served Uzi's self-fire weapon.
We got a murder weapon with your prints on it.
Three women and a man around a table as if having a meeting.
Two women are sitting at a table with three laptops.
Everyone wants to hang out with fun and interesting people.
Everyone wants to feel they are wanted.
Try Google, search for Power Rangers theme song.
And it took me awhile to connect to Lucy, who beings THE SECRET SISTERHOOD OF HEARTBREAKERS as a very clingy, needy young woman.
Secondly, I read that it's about a secret society of heartbreakers who can do magic.
That is the same reasoning behind why some men cheat on their wives.
Open your heart for Kaleb and Sahara .
But Kaleb rescues her and that's where the book starts.
These new tactics of ours, Chief, are a mistake.
boss, this is our new tactic.
A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass.
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass.
THE DONALD & CARLEY - Perfect Together! - #Trump
The characters are one-dimensional, but that's par for the course with Orson Scott Card novels.
As with all Orson Scott Card books, it was incredibly well-written, intelligent, and interesting.
A man is singing into a microphone while playing a guitar.
There are five stories, all of them interesting and providing background on the HP universe.
I enjoyed reading Dumbledore's commentary after each tale, providing a greater perspective of it's relevance in the wizarding world.
Wiesbaden however suffered much less than Frankfurt from air bombing .
Wiesbaden is a German city near Frankfurt am Main .
@conspiracyimage @ThislsAmazing actually noone said they dont consider it life, and an abortion is between a woman and her doctor
Earth is the third planet from the Sun , and the fifth-largest of the eight planets in the Solar System .
Mercury is one of four terrestrial planets in the Solar System , and is a rocky body like the Earth .
I have seen the movie many times.
I have seen it around two times.
I want America to great again #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
Reading the first story in the collection, "Best New Horror," is when I think I first realized what Hill can do.
In fact, "Best New Horror" sometimes haunts me, especially when I am driving through unfamiliar roads in the deep backwoods.
You should try and form a relationship with her.
Not only should you try and date her!!!
Advokatni kancelar JUDr. Miluse Calabkova on the EDB map
Unable to remove the file to be replaced.
Unable to process include names file '%s'.
the Pentagon was familiar with the situation.
the Pentagon denies the ship's existence.
You rented or loaned his father ?
is that a rental or did your dad buy it for you?
Two men in safety harnesses climbing on a construction of metal bars.
A man is resting atop concrete structure in a crowded area.
I will agree to gay marriage if you agree to pro-life and then adopt babies that would have been aborted.
The same people that demand gov stay out of their vaginas, demand that gov legitimize their same sex bedrooms! Curious. #LoveWins
I really liked Hades though and like I said, the premise was AWESOME!
But all the same, Hades and Persephone's love is beautiful.
Find out what happens in this sexy and witty new series from Christine Warren.
~ 2.5 Heart of Stone Stars ~ Heart of Stone is book one in the Gargoyles series by Christine Warren.
Mineiro redirects here ; for the Brazilian footballer nicknamed Mineiro , see Mineiro .
Ivan Mariz was a Brazilian footballer in midfielder role .
Michael... Is what makes this a great series!!
Can Dr. Stone track down the killer in this realm while protecting Michael from another without losing her mind?
Ill? What an extraordinary thing to say about a Reverend Mother.
a Reverend Mother, and sick, what an unusual notion.
A young child is running at birds in front of a pond.
A smiling child with an orange backpack is holding a bird house.
A man in a yellow jacket is skiing in the snow.
A man in yellow jacket rides a bike.
This attracted the attention of Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston .
Sawyer is often compared to Canadian Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston .
Note: I do not think I will pick up the second book unless I run out of things to read.
I am never going to finish this book.
Meanwhile Mik, who is quite a small character in the main plot arc, shines as the winsome suitor.
The plot of this novella is quite simple: Zuzana creates a treasure hunt for Mik, and she is the prize.
JK Rowling wrote it and it's a Harry Potter companion.
This is definitely well worth the read for Harry Potter fans.
Rochdale has two professional sports teams , Rochdale AFC and Rochdale Hornets .
Rochdale is a town in the North West of England .
A man and two women in a public market.
A young boy uses a water gun as a young girl watches
I enjoyed the mermaid lore and the tension between Madly and Jackson was kind of fun.
Summary We meet Madly, her betrothed Aiden, friend Jersey, and sentinel/love interest Jackson.
When Julia meets Evan, the top of the popularity food chain, I expected things to get better for her.
When there is a moment of uncertainty and no Evan in sight, Julia has to begin her new life.
The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store.
Argeneau and Rogue Hunter Novels, from my favourite to least favourite: 1.
I'm never tired to read Argeneau series, because every book is so well wrote, so fresh and brilliant.
@HillaryClinton loving the new colorful profile pic! #loveit
@HillaryClinton Yes! I am chipping in 5$ because we have faith in you.
A group of smiling young women posing together.
Two older Asian women smile and eat together.
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path.
A mother and son walk along a dirt path.
The fine weather never came that summer.
Really respect @realDonaldTrump for giving up #TheApprentice to make way for his #campaign #AmericaNeedsThis #GodBlessedAmerica
It sticks to the Disney movie up until Aladdin gets to the Cave of Wonders, and then the twist starts.
He was excited for it, and then I was, with it being a retelling of Aladdin.
go to dis site from ebay.
On EBay, look under CD samplers.
Donald Trump is in dire need of a crisis communicator. PR folks, please give him your two cents. #SorryNotSorry
Hercules take the torch to Chiron 's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw .
Later Hercules arrives at Chiron 's house , he gives him the water and he drinks it .
Kirby : Canvas Curse spans eight worlds , with all but one having three levels .
While Kirby games have Kirby eating enemies to get their powers , Canvas Curse does n't do that .
I know it's the author's preferred text edition but seriously.
Because I'd already read it before, I decided to try out the full cast audio version, with the addition of the author's preferred text.
The United States Census Bureau is the government agency that is responsible for the United States Census .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics is Australia 's national statistical agency .
Silence, doubts, something of a revolt, back in the deep one.
quiet, doubts, maybe a little rebellious.
The English Wiktionary is the second largest .
There is also a Simple English Wiktionary .
This book concentrated on Connor and Meara and their relationship.
This time Connor is in the spotlight.
The subsequent disintegration of the Front produced several political parties including the Romanian Democrat Social Party , the Democratic Party and the .
These were the Social Democratic Party , the Democratic Party , and a couple of other parties from before the war .
WORKING STIFF begins slow...very slow... but that doesn't really surprise me.
Working Stiff is a fun riff on the zombie genre, perfect for breezing through on a lazy afternoon.
If he'd managed a direct hit on that sealed car, Aral'd have been emulsified.
if he had struck the locked vehicle directly, Aral would be in a jam.
This book definitely deserves a standing ovation in my opinion!
As always this is just my opinion, I know others have really enjoyed it.
The trumpet is used in many forms of music , including classical music and jazz .
Separate scales are used for jazz/classical albums , and soundtracks .
I can't stand people who are pro life because they had a stillborn or loss....
Areyou coming to celebrate George Bond's birthdaywith us tonight?
You're coming back, we got a big story tonight!
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
it's hard to determine because of the damage to the explosion.
The explosion had done no visible damage.)
Tim, Billy, even Roland when he first started out; all kids seemed to matter more in this book.
Okay so now you must know how much I love Jane.
Jane suffers some deaths of loved ones and fixes all her friends problems.
@davebachman34 @Clifford1462 @msnbc you know what massively reduces abortion? Sex education and access to birth control.
This country needs a President to take control, cut through the BS, and speak the truth! #truthhurts @realDonaldTrump
@GOP it's time you recognize @realDonaldTrump . This movement is real. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Flow that is not turbulent is called laminar flow .
A vortex is a spinning , often turbulent , flow of fluid .
She is more at home wearing a Mongolian del than a corset and bustle.
Before this book ended, it felt so familiar to me, I could have been on the Mongolian steppes myself.
The region 's capital city is Gao .
The Gao Region is located in eastern Mali .
In some locations , the rainfall led to flooding , which prevented farmers from harvesting crops .
In Lubbock , Texas , the rainfall led to flash flooding , closing many intersections and roads .
You should try the site froogle, or simply entering it in a Google search.
You can search with Google for a site which lets you download the songs of any artist.
a boy in a brown shirt, throwing a Frisbee.
There were things I liked about it -- the mythology and secretive world of the vampires -- but those elements were brief.
Where did those classic vampiric tales go with the exception of Sookie Stackhouse Chronicles which more or less follows the original vampiric rules.
Fell in love with Zoey this feisty herione from the moment she enters the scene.
Secrets come out that shake everything Zoey has ever knew and now a true battle has begun.
i don't know if i've ever seen the cartoon show but i used to read the books.
yes i have read all the books seen all the movies and im a huge fan
@ShowTruth Keeping pregnant people safe is a great reason for abortion, though.
Sadly, most health insurance plans don't cover abortions, so the price can be quite high....
Women and men walk down the sidewalk together.
Two women are eating food together.
Beginning at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam , women were allowed to compete in artistic gymnastics events as well .
At the 1972 Summer Olympics , fourteen different artistic gymnastics events were contested , eight for men and six for women .
Seven, (Marina), is kind, caring, and loves to cook and bake.
Marina is really the only character I am attached too and in all honesty I just want this series to end.
Roundhay Park was the first place an aircraft landed in Leeds after a flight from Amsterdam , Holland .
Roundhay is an upmarket area of Leeds , best known for its large park , Roundhay Park .
A Chelsea soccer player (Frank Lampard) and a Liverpool soccer player both make an attempt at the ball while the referee watches in the background.
Two soccer players, one wearing a white uniform and the other in red, try to reach the soccer ball first.
A construction worker in an orange vest walks.
I have seen them live a few times.
You may even discover that it requires no great effort to enjoy.
Increase your effort and you will discover the optimal person.
It was named in April 2007 after Bergelmir , a giant from Norse mythology and the grandson of Ymir , the primordial giant .
Its name comes from Norse mythology , where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant .
@ShowTruth No, I can't explain why you would consider a medical procedure that leaves the patient healthy & happy as killing.
.@RebeccahLouise I'm not forcing anyone to do anything. Abortion is not 'medical help' & there are better options. Very proud to be
Electricity is provided by City of Akhiok .
Akhiok is a city in Alaska .
A jogger wears a robot hat.
A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck.
NASA continues its daily tracking of Voyager 1 with its Deep Space Network .
Its data was checked and verified against data from the Deep Space Network station at Madrid , Spain .
It also includes a large number of islands such as Tsushima and Iki .
It includes all islands with an area greater than 2,500 km , and several other islands over 500 km .
go into a shop and try one
Get it repaired at a shop.
Wondering what the NEXT idiotic GOP smear against @HillaryClinton will be. It's coming for sure. Just don't know details yet.
I really need my new @HillaryClinton shirt to come in. Meeting some people at the brewery same night as a Bernie meetup there.
Will the traitor succeed in their plot to end the life of the duchess, or will Ismae keep her safe?
Ismae is an outstanding character, and the plot keeps the story moving with new revelations and non-stop perilous situations for our hero.
With the exception of the funniest, it applies.
and enjoy the funniest moments with children
Do the outside royal families really know what goes on at Lackland Abbey?
When a member of a royal family is found to possess magic, the member is sent to Lackland Abbey to be cured.
In this rare footage, everyone's favourite war hero, Captain America...
The glorious Captain that you have seen on photos. The biggest hero of the Fatherland.
the door of the dining room was wide open.
With a gasp, Fara jerked the door wide open.
Walsall Town had been founded in 1877 and Walsall Swifts in 1879 .
They are based in Walsall , near Birmingham .
Those were not feet it stood upon.
what it was worth was not human feet.
jim butcher has out done himself with this one.
Perhaps Butcher himself has sensed some of the stagnation of the series, because the title is "Changes" for a reason.
Following his recent comments about immigrants, do you think Donald Trump's business interests will suffer? #Trump
GRATE TWO SEE @realDonaldTrump GET TUFF ON BOARDER CONTROL! HAS MY VOTE IN 2016! #TCOT #ILLEGALSSTOLEJOBS
But the reality of living with Katrina and the havoc it caused really add a nice flair to the story--especially since Johnson is a native.
It really enhanced my enjoyment of the story.
Susan hit it out of the park with the actual ending scenes of the series.
I am so excited to see what Susan has in store of us with her Witch lands series!
Ivy is snarky and has a sharp sense of humour, Ren is gorgeous and Tink had me laughing out loud constantly.
Ren & Ivy are great together.
@thehill all the more reason to vote #Democrat in 2016. #ACAworks #GetMoneyOut #RestoreTheVRA #Bernie2016 #waronpoverty
Thanks @Chefs4Hillary for amazing noms for canvassing #FITN
@ouchinagirl @TrumpNY2016 @GOP TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT AS HE DOESN'T MINCE WORDS!!!!
Donald Trump isn't afraid to roast everyone.
.@DannyZuker With ONE speech @realDonaldTrump managed to financially screw himself. Imagine what he can do for us as POTUS!
The first generation of Zafira is usually referred to as Zafira A , as is customary for Opel models .
However , the Zafira was in a different segment , and GM had not intended this .
abortion clinics... back alleys with a profit center and air conditioning?
@wendydavis Pray?? You want me to PRAY that abortions and dangerous facilities remain unchecked?? #facepalm
You see her compassion, love, and strength shine through as you read.
It was just a pleasure to read.
Atticus is a such a fun character.
Another thing that didn't quite sit well with me was the way Atticus tended to act around women.
Configuration of the channels. Drag icon to update.
The characters made the transitions and growth that was expected, but I didn't feel it.
The "reveal" at the end, what made the flowers grow again, it was just too...easy.
spoilerAnother problem is that Dylan is revealed to be Undine's childhood playmate who had an unrequited love for her.
When she's a mermaid, CC meets Undine's childhood friend Dylan.
These actors include Brad pitt, Jude Law, and Jennifer Anistan.
@NYCanegirl the premeditated taking of an innocent human life is 1st degree murder, and you know it.
The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to `` free '' the pieces .
He throws again and must move the points of the dice with 2 of his pieces .
The Mozilla Public License is a free and open source software license .
Debian GNU/Linux is a distribution that emphasizes free software .
@HillaryClinton will pick @SenWarren for VP -Mark my tweet. #UnstoppableTicket #ElizabethWarren
It's Monday night,do you know where your Hillary supporters are? In Rock Hill at our Amazing Phone bank! Come join!HillaryforSC
They were also used to defeat the Bavarian Soviet Republic in 1919 .
Each Soviet Republic and Autonomous Soviet Republic had its own coat of arms , largely inspired by the coat of arms of the Union .
Josie doesn't fight the khui system like some of the others.
Like any reader addicted to this series, I have been anticipating Josie and Haeden's book like whoa.
In 1949 , Karajan became artistic director of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde , Vienna .
From 1957 to 1964 he was artistic director of the Vienna State Opera .
Why is it that you like anyone who you know at all?
hey, how come that u like someone that know you at all??
@AlyssSmithh There she is pant suite Hillary to hide those thighs #HillarysDonors #HillarysBigAnnouncement #Benghazi #Obama
.@NewtGingrich on @HillaryClinton: "She's very formidable... she's a very competent person.
The characters were great, but I wish we saw more of them.
Yes there were obstacles, but I always knew the main character would overcome them.
@peiacsw please consider the status of preborn girls as the most vulnerable women in society. #peivotes
Adding to the progress of this week the Supreme Court is also allowing Texas abortion clinics to stay open! #SCOTUS
Do you know anything about the right of bodily autonomy? Describe it then if you don't think the fetus takes it away from her
My favorite is Metallica and my least favorite is Hilary Duff.
I am sure that Hilary Duff was one of them.
If I had feelings for her I would reciprocate and show them.
Frankly, they are obligated to reinstate the previous one.
they really do need to put the old one back on.
Joanne Baldwin was transformed from a human Weather Warden to a Djinn in order to preserve her life.
But things aren't so simple - David has hurt himself creating Joanne and he is bleeding power into her.
Final Thoughts: I found Vampires of Manhattan surprisingly entertaining even with my lack of knowledge about the series.
You can start with VAMPIRES OF MANHATTAN and follow along beautifully.
Some people are not ready for a child or they were even raped, and theres already too many kids who need adopting anyway
RT @PinkGypsySoul: The single most important factor for women's advancement in society is our ability to control our fertility.
Baleen whales are generally larger than toothed whales , and females are bigger than males .
Males can weigh 130 - 200 kilograms , and females 35 -82 kilograms .
Including Paris Hilton, Lindsey Lohan, Tom Cruise, and Katie Holmes.
Paris Hilton is the obvious answer, is she not?
Children float on the water in a raft.
@marcorubio @GovernorPerry @GrahamBlog @McConnellPress Your silence is deafening. #TrumpIsRight #SecureTheBorder #illegalaliens
If a liberal brings up Immigration, hit em with the "TRUMP" card! #trumpforpresident #Trump #tcot
Three people are playing near the ocean as the waves crest near them.
Three males are together with two of them wearing blue shirts.
@HillaryClinton i am portuguese and i support your campaign! Best luck! The world need a person and a women like you! #USA
Was asked by @HillaryClinton to help with her campaign. Gladly (excitedly) accepted!
South Africa 's most popular sports are soccer , rugby union and cricket .
However , other sports such as rugby union and track-and-field are also widely practiced .
The universe in Last Kiss Goodnight is so well done, too.
My favorite quote in the Last Kiss Goodnight was "Love Protects.
Several botnets have been found and removed from the Internet .
Botnets are made up of many software agents .
hey y'all giving a big old s/o to donald trump, we settled our differences and are butt tight now
Why is the media giving the Donald so much airtime?The guy evades questions just like any other politician.Disaster. GOP trouble
There is a need to foster and improve communication to the public.
The United States of America, especially on the White House, especially on Bush.
A sardar went to America in order to attend a meeting with Bush.
I advise that you don't try too hard to find her because she may take it the wrong way.
look for her but not too hard cuz it will scare us away
Ben Hall 's body was taken back to Forbes where an official inquest was held .
An official inquest was held in the court house to find out how he died .
She was another strong character, and a wonderful friend to Violet.
Wonderful second book in the Violet Eden Chapters.
Violet isn't one to go down without a fight thought.
I am hoping that whatever hold Phoenix has over Violet will go away.
it's not popular but maybe the tv channel's website that it comes in on
You can go on the TV Show's website to check their ratings.
@JebBush and @marcorubio cannot speak their minds b/c they are paid 2 keep things pc. @realDonaldTrump ANSWERS TO NO ONE!
Memoirs of a Geisha i wanna see it soooooo bad
Fantastic Emmet County Dem meeting tonight in Estherville. Glad to meet some @HillaryClinton supporters!
If you need me I'll be screaming like a little baby from now until about ten minutes after @HillaryClinton arrives in #PTown.
Construction work being performed in a local business area.
Dinner that night became a ritual.
How about dinner at my place tomorrow?
He's just down the hall.
The bathroom's down the hall and to the left.
I was unaware of that. Thank you for the two points.
Hillary Clinton keeps sending me emails, and when I try to unsubscribe, I get an error message. THIS IS CANCER
@FoxNews @GovChristie @HillaryClinton Actually she should be disqualified from running!How many scams and ethics problems now?
After another Tribal Council , things got worse for Ulong as they got lost in the dark on their way back to camp .
Koror won Immunity again , and Ulong faced their third successive Tribal Council .
Nevertheless, a systematic structure for the notes is retained as far as practicable.
Witnessing the destruction of the #middleclass If you are black, white Hispanic, or any other creed support #Trump #usa #4thjuly
@andersoncooper #AC360 @ac360 @ananavarro < WHY IS YOUR HISPANIC LATINO ASS SAYING @realDonaldTrump SAID DISGRACEFUL THINGS?
He is the younger brother of NFL quarterback Peyton Manning and the son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning .
Peyton Williams Manning is an American football quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League .
*_* This is why Nick is my favorite character, now I love him even more.
I don't have anything against homosexuals but daaaaaaaaaamn I really wanted to hear about the girl Nick got with.
A brown dog holding a foam bat aiming for a ball.
The tan and white dog is running outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Much like the land of Tigana, this novel has stood the test of time and will undoubtedly continue to thrill readers for years to come.
Tigana is easily on this list, but it's more than that.
Ophelia is getting up there in years and is searching for someone to take over the task for her.
But was there more to the pleasant and happy memories than Ophelia and Annie realized?
Construction workers take a break outside of a building.
The Last Piano Sonatas. Have you heard them?
did you hear his last songs for the piano?
Artemis the older has to play a bit of catch-up.
Another adventure-filled story in the world of Artemis Fowl!
I would vote for @realDonaldTrump if he had a hilariously oversized head, I'm talking 2x size of his body
@gpacja @TexanJustin @JebBush @Isikoff @realDonaldTrump you're an awful person. Free speech. I'll pray for you're soul.
Cloaked was interesting in the fact that Flinn wove so many different tales together to form one retelling.
Well, among other tales (this is a mash-up), Flinn uses The Elves and the Shoemaker, and she didn't make them creepy!
I really liked him and I'm eager to find out more about him in the next book.
It was a book that I found hard to put down.
Reese, I love the name, is our welcoming douche bag of the novel.
Especially the main distraction - Reese.
That said, a predictable ending is not a deal-killer in an of itself.
I also did not like how open ended the end was.
Ismael rapidly weakened over land , and dissipated on September 16 over northwestern Mexico .
Henriette weakened quickly over land and dissipated over the mountains of northwestern Mexico early on September 6 .
His neck was broken in the crash.
Feel her neck, the ridges in her neck.
It is one of the most sparsely populated regions in Kashmir .
These areas were very sparsely populated .
The one thing I really didn't like was Liz's treatment of Raahosh.
Raahosh is disconcerted: why this little human female is not afraid?
I liked the world-building and I liked how Ruben Cavazos was a very complicated character.
Stukkm their interactions were often intense and leant a very different aspect to the book.
A man rides a horse, while mountains and clouds are shown in the background.
A large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background.
@peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump So I guess Univision is Fair & Balanced. These are the people that R helping shape USA!
You see, Dez has a secret.
I thought Dez and Reese were perfect for one another.
@GOP Of course @HillaryClinton is silent. That insures she doesn't have 2 stand 4 ANYTHING & less chance of offending voters
Even though Lex has a lot more to deal with on her conscience, she still manages to keep it fun.
Even better than the dialogue was the relationship between Lex and Driggs.
Get the truth from Trump! @realDonaldTrump
Abortion is not contraception. Contraception is about preventing pregnancy. Abortion is terminating a life. #CCOT
Two interviews with Pierre Boulez were published in 2007 and 2008 .
Pierre Boulez is one of the most important French composers of modern classical music .
@POTUS if every child matters regardless of skin color? why do we as a nation continuously keep aborting them? #AllLivesMatter
All of this has nothing to do w providing medical care - @NARALVirginia on TRAP regulations #scraptrap
Chipotle employees shouldn't complain Hillary left nothing in the tip jar. They're lucky she didn't dip in and help herself
Nothing says "I'm Every Woman" like 10 Democrat staffers in a machine shop in #Iowa right @HillaryClinton? #NotReadyForHillary
A blond woman with a red pail squats to look at the ground at the water's edge.
A young girl in a bathing suit is standing on a beach at the water's edge, surrounded by seaweed.
I really wanted to love this book because I love this author, but it wasn't my favorite from her.
I can't really tell you what filled those 170 pages except uneventful travels, thinly veiled hints, and the musings of two extremely un-curious society girls.
I enjoyed this quite a bit, but not as much as the first one.
A good continuation from where the first Chalion book left off.
A man working on a grand piano.
A young man playing an electric guitar.
Pure capsaicin is a hydrophobic , colorless , odorless , crystalline to waxy compound .
They are the simplest form of sugar and are usually colorless , water-soluble , crystalline solids .
You should move slowly and most of all, have fun.
Be sure she is comfortable and move slowly.
So... brother and sister were both mixing it up with Wes.
he and Wes handled his brother and sister's bills.
The best hard rock and heavy metal on the web is at www.stickman-radio.com.
Today I am grateful to have the right to control my body without govt influence. #antichoice leaders want to stop this. #abvote
it's ironic that ppl will perform lifesaving therapies on animals to preserve their lives-but have staunch views in favor of
An athletic dodge ball player winds up to throw a ball and is captured mid throw.
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players.
Assaulting & manipulating pregnant people doesn't reduce
Abortion does not make you un-pregnant, it makes you the mother of a dead child.isright
It was a nice dinner, movie and soft kiss.
Often , production crews either are fans of anime or are required to view anime .
Some anime is drawn by hand , but anime can also be made with computers .
A hockey game is being played.
pro soccer game being played
Same reason men cheat on wives.
This is one of my favorite books from the series, but the series is getting hard to follow with all the plot threads and characters.
Loved the way the it all come together at the end.
this summer, nice weather didn't come at all.
Look, you've been personally requested by the mayor's office.
you were personally in charge of the mayor.
A. and Niamh perplexed and annoyed me.
As soon as A. arrives with his mute companion Niamh all sorts of strange things start occuring.
An elderly Asian woman is holding an object in her hands.
Users are prompted before such information is able to be transmitted .
As a wiki , AboutUs allows Internet users to add entries or modify information .
@ProLifeLiberty Yes, your reasoning is horrible. We were talking about abortion, not death.
The British Rail Class 57 diesel locomotives were introduced by Brush Traction between 1997-2004 .
British Railways ' Type 4 `` Warship '' class diesel-hydraulic locomotives were introduced in 1958 .
Wife: How about some similar to mine?
The majority of their works sound similar.
It's in the middle of a story called "The Skin Man" that I thought was basically ok, but a bit overdramatic.
I thought this book was just ok.
At least 12 dead in Washington ...
At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
i tried but couldnt find it.plz choose mine as best answer.
i tried looking for the sub's name, but couldn't find it.
Man spraying water into boxer's mouth.
#PrezTrump had a great week, he's the BIG news story, mission accomplished. #tcot #TeaParty
Its my ringtone on my cell phone.
A shirtless worker is on a scaffold, working on a building.
A shirtless man with a race placard on his butt is posing like a body-builder.
I will be reading more of the Harper Connelly series.
I will say, however, that I got squicked out by the romantic turn Harper and Tolliver took in this book.
The story is bookended and intercut with a few scenes of adult versions of a few of the characters.
The setting was done really well, and I could always vividly see where I was during any given time in the story.
i really liked this book i liked the first one better though
Something else that I liked is that you can see how the story links up with historical events.
True equality" allows all to be born.
Birds find other ways to provide for each other , ie .
Most mammals find this unpleasant ; however , birds are unaffected .
He returned with fully restored health to Saint Petersburg in 1857 .
He was turned over to Russia where he was imprisoned in Peter-Paul Fortress in Saint Petersburg .
You know what's best for you You know what's best for your happiness You know what's best for your well being
Today I am grateful for the #reproductiverights that allow so many families to escape poverty. #abvote
Her Faery is the magical land I most wish I could reside in.
I feel bad for poor Ethan, who keeps getting wrapped up in the drama of Faery.
I wonder if it is a banjo made from marijuana.
I really liked the characters, and the idea of libriomancy is very interesting.
Really really interesting concept, completely boring protagonist and plot.
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists
Young man jumping in the water over waves at beach
@HillaryClinton bad wife, bad role model for women, bad lawyer, bad First Lady, bad Senator, horrible Secretary of State.
@RIGHTZONE @WethePeoplePets Let's hope the VOTERS remember! #HillNo
You are a good songwriter.
hey you don't need to ask any one for lyrics .
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd.
Construction workers repairing a wall in a cherry picker.
Neryn continues her journey learning what she needs to become the Caller that everyone hopes she will be.
The challenges faced by two women traveling alone over the countryside were different than those faced when Neryn traveled with Flint in Shadowfell.
Phelps tied Mark Spitz 's record of four gold medals won in individual events .
Frenchman Jean-Claude Killy won three gold medals in all the alpine skiing events .
never seen it but the book is one of my favorites in the series
It is the best cartoon series I've ever seen!
Braineater Jones is available now in paperback, e-book and audio.
Romance The twins supposedly love Kat and express this by suffering sexual torment at her behest.
Heroine Kat is the best friend of previous series heroines Olivia and Sophie.
Are the same people who are red faced and frothing over abortion also against the death penalty? Just wondering... #deathpenalty
Duncan awkwardly raised his sword as a prisoner in handcuffs.
Blue fire crackled along the sword as he raised it.
tears in heaven- eric clapton estrella- brave saint saturn somewhere out there- various artists
I like Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, Kurt Cobain, Jack White and other artists similar to them.
To be completely honest, I didn't connect with any of the main characters, and I didn't like the romance between Bobbie and Canie.
Judy, for example, Mary Worthington's long-ago tormentor, would have been a cool character for Bobbie to bond with and explore the mystery of Mary.
But this is one of my all time favourite tropes and almost always means I will enjoy whatever book this is in.
This book is made entirely of win, and beauty, and awesome.
All in all, Mr. Darcy, Vampyre didn't exceed my expectations.
The story didn't really bore me much either (it was drawn out on places), and the ending was a bit of a letdown.
if the weather improves, they'll pull them out and beat them.
then they'll be waiting for the heat to beat us.
Also the $400,000 "speaking fees" #Hillary took from Goldman Sachs for two "speeches." @Joan_Vennochi
@fuzislippers @KLSouth @gdebenedetti Yeah, she's a real forward thinker! Lol #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
Please join us as we pray to end the global holocaust of abortion!
We say God bless America but we kill 4,000 babies a year.
Great book to end the series.
Much like most of the series is, actually.
This is the last warning you will receive for your disruptive edits .
Please bear this in mind when making edits such as your to .
Re Last: I can't get past this...why must abortion providers dismember a fetus alive? That just sounds...hideously inhumane.
A nation that kills its own children is a nation without hope. -Pope Saint John Paul II #ProLifeYouth #AllLivesMatter
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Akhroota , Makool Bala , Nagri Bala and Tatreela .
The Union Council is administratively divided into Dhaki Khaiter , Namli Maira , Noormang , and Panghora areas .
Kest, the new Saint of Swords, finds himself more cursed than blessed.
Kest especially, never stopping to comtrol his Sainthood.
Human rights are women's rights and women's rights are human rights. - Hillary Clinton
@OnlineForLife thank you for the way you beautifully communicate the pro-life message. You all consistently blow me away.
Im against abortion & i stand by my opinion. No, its NOT just a mass of cells.
now they need an answer to that question.
If the answer to that question is in the affirmative:
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach.
Beach-goers in bathing suits use the outdoor showers on a pier.
@MarioLopezExtra @nbc fires Trump, but maintains strong ties with @BWilliams @TheRevAl #LAUGHABLE #JOKE #LIARS #NBC GO
She gets rescued by another mermaid, who happens to be the queen of the tribe that came to Luce's aid.
Luce's human life is a tragedy in itself.
Performers doing as they should atop a soccer field.
A bike rider is doing performance tricks.
Marriage equality a constitutional right! Woot #HRC2016 #hillaryclinton #readyforhillary #vote #hillaryfor2016 ##mpotus
A group of spectators outside in the cold, all focusing on the same object.
One adult and three children are all looking in the same direction.
In Spanish-speaking countries there are many different names for each variety and preparation .
In many Spanish-speaking countries in Latin America , the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller .
Children coloring and drawing at the table.
She speaks both Swedish and Russian .
Instead, the Fool spent most of his time being Amber and like Fitz, I found myself not liking Amber very much.
A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat.
A woman wearing dark sunglasses is holding a saxophone.
IRC server features , mostly extensions to RFC 1459 .
Authenticates a user as an IRC operator on that server/network .
It orbits in the Lagrangian point of the Sun-Jupiter system .
659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun .
Why are free market conservatives behind a multiple bankruptcy candidate who wears makeup. Gives us real conservatives a bad name
Lying to justify political correctness is still nothing but a lie. #Teaparty
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
As a reader, I got on with it, but as a character, Kyle hadn't.
By the time Kyle was cowering in his West Hampstead flat after his visit to Antwerp, the terror of the Old Friends was nicely realised!
Two persons are wearing rescue or safety gear.
A garbage collector dressed in a yellow safety vest rides on the back of a garbage truck.
Sit on him and move around.
Sit down and talk to him.
I prefer to be friends with her either over the internet or speak with her on the phone.
As they began to know each other, their connection grew deeper and less strange to me.
I don't know, I just didn't entirely buy the progression of their relationship.
Hakob Kojoyan assisted Armenian architect Alexander Tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the Democratic Republic of Armenia .
Alexander Tamanian was an Armenian neoclassical architect , who is remembered today for his work in the city of Yerevan .
Elizabeth Kocanski Carolan is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix .
William Jason Reso is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring names Christian and Christian Cage .
A man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event.
There are two clinical forms of smallpox .
Smallpox is a very bad disease .
Julian Breaks Every Rule by Andrew Smith gets 3/5 stars.
Schwab, "Julian Breaks Every Rule" by Andrew Smith, and "Sera" by Nicola Yoon.
Like all the other books in the series, it takes one central fairy tale as its base, and this time it was The Snow Queen.
The Snow Queen's Shadow mimics that by being considerably darker than all of the other books in the series.
Accept the negative aspects and commit to the action.
Both sides have their positive and negative aspects.
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
All of these familiar heat engines are powered by the expansion of heated gases .
A sunny day at a beach with an average amount of people.
A woman jumping in a field on a sunny day.
In general parlance , all combinations of aspects , moods , and tenses are often referred to as `` tenses '' .
Some languages have all three tenses , some have only two , and some have no tenses at all .
@HillaryClinton #freedom_justice_equality_education for innovation and development to make #happy_life i Utopia
A vote against Trump is a vote against America
Well, it seems it's not just me you'll be fighting with.
you don't seem to be fighting me.
I loved this twist of little red riding hood
I just love Red and Wolfs tale.
This book is starting to read like the bad emo/angst fanfiction version of that show.
I feel so bad for saying it but I dont recommend this book.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
We need a man that will do the tough negotiations, say what needs to be said and forget the words politically correct. #thanks
The women is holding a picture of a child laying on the ground.
Harnessed Asian child lying on ground in front of stroller.
Because that might be the problem.
A sitting man playing the violin.
An n-dimensional hypercube is also called an n-cube .
In geometry , a hypercube is an n-dimensional analog of a square and a cube .
Desperate house wifes,greys anatomy and america's funniest home videos
I would say ER, House, Grey's Anatomy and Scrubs.
Go somewhere like www.download.com and search for CD ripper
Her chapters were my favorite parts of the book.
I loved all of the new characters in this book and how they came into the story and I really enjoyed the different POV's.
Or at least write some extra scenes from the ending, or an explanation as to what will happen with Serah and Lucifer!
The dark haired and blue eyed Lucifer knows the drill with the angels coming for a 'visit'.
We graduated and I moved to Texas for the summer.
I recently moved here from Fort Worth, Texas.
He'd had no choice after that, once he'd understood what the poet was saying.
Alberico could not understand what the poet wanted to say, and this time he had no choice.
RT @reel_fisherman6: I think Donald would bring this country back to where we used to be
Unlike Obama, @realDonaldTrump doesn't need a teleprompter.
The Grimdragons review of Red Sister.
This is the world of Red Sister.
They have sold well over 10 million records in the United States .
Formed in 1992 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Does a #pregnant #woman have 2 heads, 2 hearts, 4 arms, and 4 legs? #prolifeyouth #prolifegen #didntthinkso
but there are volunteer organizations-
It's the hospital volunteer banquet at the VFW.
jim morrison david le roth and mick jagger
That sounds like a fair price.
That sounds good as well.
@nice_euna Its not only safe but contrally to the ten commandments... Thy shall not kill #ItsNotonItsNotSafe
When a creepy man, Mr. Bunting, starts to stalk Rudger he can't get Amanda to listen to his fears.
The story revolves around Amanda and her imaginary best friend Rudger.
A nuclear bomb that fits neatly into a carry-on suitcase?
We've got a nuclear bomb loose inside our borders, Hetty.
Miach is a wonderful source of romance.
Fortunately for her, that is where Miach comes in.
Rayfe is the King of the Tala and needs to convince Andi to return to their land with him.
Andi's beautiful new land makes you feel at home and hope that Andi will be able to keep them safe.
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range.
Man stands on distant cliff overlooking a green valley.
sunglasses sitting on a table with a family on a pier in the background.
A woman wearing sunglasses with her two dogs next to her and the ocean in the background.
Ask" is not the best place to get this information.
Jane is trying to get her undead feet under her and adjust to life as a vampire.
As usually Trouble always find their way to Jane.
A little girl in a very pretty strawberry shortcake t-shirt.
Little boy in SpiderMan t-shirt standing on staircase.
@megynkelly Hahahaha combed through emails!!! Bunch of scumbags!!! #NoHillary2016
The Flag of the State of Maine features the state coat of arms on a blue field .
After the creation of the new district a public contest was held to create a coat of arms for the district .
Mark Knopfler OBE is a British guitarist , singer , songwriter , record producer and film score composer .
Nehemiah Curtis `` Skip '' James was an American delta blues singer , guitarist , pianist and songwriter .
Howling for You" is Fallon Keene and Jeff Christopher's story in the Chicagoland Vampire Series.
Because so much of what happens in many Cinderella stories just comes across as stupid.
However it was a little to close to Cinderella but I still enjoyed the book.
@LogicOfLife7 I don't think I have a right to use someone else's body without consent. Do you? #rapeculture
A person's a person, no matter how small. - Dr. Suess #WAAR
Call me an #extremist, but I think #dismembering babies is wrong.youthgen
making a balanced decision depends on knowledge.
The hard part isn't making the decision.
A woman in a blue sweater has headphones in her ears.
An older woman in a kimono is listening to something with headphones.
She looks a lot like Dolly Parton now.
Stealing a baby from its mother... herjoy of giving birth.
The first mother to give birth... raising her child toward heaven.
A group of people dancing in a club in front of a disk jockey.
While Dorothy is the villain of this series, it was interesting to see her rationalize the "evil" things that she was doing.
I loved reading this prequel bind-up to Dorothy Must Die!
Can anyone name the jobs #HillaryClinton has been responsible for creating.. Even her security is an entitlement...
Ghostzilla was an open source web browser for Microsoft Windows based on the Gecko HTML renderer used by Mozilla .
Mozilla Firefox is a free and open source web browser descended from the Mozilla Application Suite and managed by Mozilla Corporation .
It is an inside joke.
If you think it's fine American car companies send jobs to Mexico while we pay for their welfare you must hate @realDonaldTrump
A boy jumping over some water.
a kayaker kayaks through the water.
Locke was awarded a bachelor 's degree in 1656 and a master 's degree in 1658 .
In 1949 he received a Master of Laws degree from Yale Law School .
Xemerius: The only character in the entire book who made the book very much enjoyable..His sense of humor was amazing.
At times the teenage drama and Guardian's drama is a little too much, the rest of the story is strong enough that it's not overwhelming.
I think Astrid was good for Soren and vice versa, but their determination to be so...normal...made for a pretty blase love story.
That's not all Astrid dreams of--the daughter of a renowned prophetess, Astrid is coming into her own inherited abilities.
A man is sitting in a chair on a sidewalk waiting to paint pictures.
A busy historical cityscape with people painting and playing music.
@AsaSoltan putting abortion in with choices for women just won my heart over. Yaaaaaas! #shahs
@kfadich Every sperm is apparently sacred, and entitled to use of someone's body. #rapeculture #worstargumentever
RT @mcirelli92: Hillary for the win
A dark headed boy sleeping on a leather couch.
A person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket.
And of course, they are really hot, too.
So Susan Ee definitely didn't disappoint with this action-packed, witty sequel!
I love what Susan Ee did with it and the conversation between Raffe and Penryn over the name made me laugh out loud.
I really hope there will be a very happy end for them one day!
We continue to see William and Raven relationship, both characters will increasingly showing both ti the reader, and one to the other.
Braineater Jones wakes up, or doesn't wake, he's dead, at the bottom of a pool.
he woke Priller's phone from a drunken sleep.
It was the phone that woke me up at quarter past noon.
My mom just told me she and my aunt want to volunteer on @HillaryClinton's campaign! I support it!
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper.
two children, a girl and a boy are practicing their writing.
In the end, I thought Hannah and Dallas were perfect for each other.
A person asks questions so as to receive answers.
On Yahoo!, recent questions receive the most activity.
Go to the website www.star.com and search for R. Kelly.
Pester her for more info, or what?
A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.
A man under an umbrella is taking pictures in the snow.
Dracula is the perfect horror story: scary but not gory.
To purchase Dracula (Penguin Classics), click here.
Chris continued inland until it dissipated over central Arkansas on September 13 .
The depression continued to strengthen , and became Hurricane Felix by September 13 .
Before , the country was divided into nine bigger units , also called oblast .
Curitiba is divided into nine regional governments , who manage the 75 districts of the municipality .
Their story is sweet and soft.
I absolutely loved Hunter & Corrine's story.
I waited until he came back .
Chapman waited around until they returned .
If you wish to start a new discussion or revive an old one , please do so on the .
After adding this template , start a section on the article discussion page describing what you wish the expert to address .
your master will answer that question.
people at the park under the trees
A boy in blue in trees.
@HillaryClinton So what's your goal for setting up victims for #BillClinton to assault? #HillaryClinton #ChelseasMom #tlot
Lot's of "cutesy" filler about the couples from the last 4 books.
After 4 books of Briec & Talaith bantering/fighting, it is getting annoying.
are the symtoms of falling out of love.
is the guy falling for you?
this was short and sweet an inside view to what happened to Kaylee the first time the scream took her!
I think the novella achieves its purpose by making me want to see what happens to Kaylee.
I don't understand why does Adam change so much?
I enjoyed Warner's perspective, but I don't actually give any shits about Adam anymore and would have preferred a story from Kenji tbh.
When Rule gets breathless and dizzy, Benedict realizes something is wrong.
Lily and Rule were great characters from what I can tell.
@usweekly I doubt she was clothed with anything when that pregnancy occurred.
I think that episodes of South Park are available on iTunes.
The stations make up 16 radial railway lines , as well as the central City Loop .
Only two of the Yamanote Line 's 29 stations do not connect with other railway or subway lines .
It cannot be stopped every time I know the way Edward stare at Bella.
Edward is a much deeper character, all the Cullens are better drawn.
But yet, none of the few thorns held much consequence to the rest of this blindingly beautiful book.
I highly recommend this book for people who like epic fantasy and battles.
And that's what her books are: fun; especially her Dragon series.
But the characters from Dragon Slippers are back and as fun and lively as ever.
RT @pari_passu: Dear Religious Right: I keep my uterus out of your church, so keep your church out my uterus.
It's a free country. Freedom includes freedom of choice.
Tourist love to visit Namli Maira because its green valley .
Namli Maira is mainly a mountainous rural area .
The dog, all belly, leaps in the air to catch a large ball.
A person in red leaping from a ledge trying to touch the suspended red ball.
Why would a mother advice her daughter to abort?? Shame, responsibility, but truly is that the best advice?? #ItsNotOnItsNotSafe
Right, bit of a strange one this.
Land of the weird, home of the strange.
But, I loved the main character Miach.
The little girl who played Buffy overdosed on drugs too.
He played himself on the television show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" in 2003.
An older couple is standing in a kitchen together.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Residents return to Texas blast site
Residents return to Fallujah
Anima comes back even though they destroyed it in The Queen of Zombie Hearts, so they have to destroy it again.
So, Cole and Co. get their mojo on to defeat the zombie of Anima (literally, I kid out not.
Kelly Maria Ripa is an American television host and actress .
The show starred Faith Ford and Kelly Ripa .
RT @DogsOfGod: I will fight for the unborn!
Abortion has nothing to do with feminism. Its about the BABYS body, not yours.isright
Fiordiligi , upset by this development , decides to go to the army and find her betrothed .
Martin decides to prove his quality , and goes off to find his own adventure .
@realDonaldTrump No more Bush or Hillary Clinton
Dr. Hammerfield flushed with indignation and anger.
Without replying, his face flushed with anger, Miguel stalked out.
297 days until I can register to vote!!1 year 193 days until Election Day #RockTheVote #democrats #everyvotecounts
I support Bernie on account USA needs a new direction but, if he loses in primary ,I'll support Hillary Clinton. #Sanders2016
We are people who believe every child is entitled to life and liberty.... -@BarackObama Yet abortion is still legal.
Happy to hear the #SCOTUS blocked closing of 10 abortion clinics in TX until an appeal can be heard #safelegalrare #thinkprogress
Chris Christie for President? HAHAHAHAHA! I don't think so! @HillaryClinton #Clinton #Hilary
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
A rock band is playing in a dimly lit bar.
People are waiting in a line of a dimly lit restaurant with purple light.
A businessman walking down a city street.
A businessman is hard at work.
Andre Luis Neitzke , or simply Andre , is a Brazilian midfielder .
A man in a black and white striped shirt photographing a woman by a fountain.
A man in jeans and a white shirt is creating a sculpture.
Do a bit more exploring, and they end up in this huge human sized dollhouse.
Dollhouse was creepy, but I wouldn't call it terrifying.
Americans of all pol parties are trusting you @realDonaldTrump - we KNOW you will put #AmericaFirst and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just because you own a casino (bankrupt) doesn't mean your family didn't immigrate too #America
He could have been an interesting main character if the wolf gift actually challenged and changed him.
The Wolf Gift is classic Rice.
Can the ghost of Jacob Grimm save the children from the baker?
Although, Jeremy can hear Jacob Grimm, but not see.
@Colin_McManus7 2016 is the first election I can vote in and I am proudly voting for @realDonaldTrump #trumpforpresident
Joel Maturi has been the Athletic Director since 2002 .
His tenure concluded in 2002 , and he was named Music Director Emeritus of the Philharmonic .
You discover a little bit about their goals for humans, the naturi, and even their master; their Liege.
Danaus is a demon/human vampire hunter that teams up with Mira to fight the naturi.
Twenty-six of the counties are in the Republic of Ireland and six counties are in Northern Ireland .
The constituency covers the entirety of Northern Ireland .
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
An older man in a blue plaid shirt is playing the bagpipes.
A man with gray hair and a bear sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side.
So there are fire giants, frost giants, wolves, and so much more... Can Magnus and his friends prevent Doomsday from coming?
But for Magnus, death is just a new beginning.
Bognor Regis has two Secondary Schools , Felpham Community College and Bognor Regis Community College .
Bognor Regis is a town in West Sussex , England , UK .
Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are both extremely sexy.
A child dressed in blue with glasses.
A small child opening up Christmas presents.
Let's agree that it's not ok to kill a 7lbs baby in the uterus @DWStweets #DNC #Clinton2016 @HillaryforIA #ProCompromise
A man in union carries an ax down the street.
A woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk.
But for Bryn Davis, death is only the START of her troubles.
Bryn was just hired on at a Funeral Home.
A man balancing a green ball on a pole for a crowd on the street.
Bald, older man sits in gray stone area with bags, clapping hands.
A bald man in a grassy area is holding a hose while and older man looks on.
CHOICE The oldsouls might have forgotten the choice they made to give themselves limitless lifetimes, but Ana knows the true cost of reincarnation.
I will say the very last chapter with Ana and Sam's reunion was sweet.
I am aware of some children who are scared by it.
She is aware of a method to ensure children behave.
Ciara and Missy Eliot were kissing, which makes me laugh.
The Gates by John Connolly was a great book.
Connolly does a fantastic job of taking the very scary scene of Hell on Earth (literally) and flipping it upside down.
superfast read - not a lot of mental processing required.
I definitely plan on reading more of these once I get some other books out of the way that I've been dying to read.
Hillary Clinton vs. Bernie Sanders primary will be like the brawl over applesauce at the retirement home. #ReadyForHillary
Always aim high,work hard, & care deeply about what U believe in...when U stumble, keep faith. HILLARY CLINTON @Faith4Hillary
So neglected, so inspired, the strong women and controlled men.
As the summary above states, this is a story about three women.
You win some, and you lose some.
Freddy would win against Jason.
Temperatures range between 34 C and 13 C , and the average rainfall is 159 m a year .
The city has a mild and dry climate with average temperatures in January of -2 C , and July of 22 C .
Heroine Cat is just as stubborn as the day we met her in Halfway to the Grave.
If you love Cat and Bones you will enjoy this read.
So when all you brave patriots stop Hillary, who you going to replace her with, Jeb Bush? LOL. #losers
Where Beautiful Creatures focuses on Lena Duchannes and the Light Castor's, Dangerous Creatures focuses on Ridley Duchannes (Lena's cousin) and the dark Castor's.
We got ... Lena in Ridley's body.
What do think his motive is?
Why would you even think he is going to?
he is a hand some arabian singer but sings in english
The owner of Univisin, donated as much as $25 million to the Clinton Foundation, his wife sits on its board #Univision #Trump
And she can the sweetest romance with Harlin.
Harlin is such an amazing character.
A four piece string band performing.
A performance artist suspended upside down from red ribbons.
I have never heard of a book with that idea!
I really liked the way this book unfolds and keeps you wanting to read more.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.
Everybody else in town is waving a patriot flag.
I warned everybody. I threw up the red flag.
It also occurs in association with black shales of deep sea origin .
The origin of the name is thought to be from the Gandangara Aboriginal word for deep water .
Pena spoke Cape Verdean Creole with his family while growing up .
Paul Pena was an American singer , songwriter and guitarist of Cape Verdean descent .
Hillary is our best choice if we truly want to continue being a progressive nation. #Ohio
@thehill @evanperez are you kidding me...leave her to focus on issues...the next prez
One of these is mystwalking ~ a very rare ability to travel to Threall, a fae realm that houses fae souls.
Meanwhile her brother who was her twin was kidnapped by the Fae and taken into their realm which is unreachable to Heidi.
A mother lying on a blue blanket plays affectionately on the floor with her toddler son.
A little girl pulls on a blanket while a little boy lies on top of it.
It's about Persephone and Hades falling in love, so I'm trying my best to ignore that the "reimagining" was rather selective and mild.
A wonderful reimagining of the old myth.
A group of men and women dancing outside.
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow.
A snowboarder loses his balance and dives into the snow head first.
But for now, I'll say that some parts of this were SO GOOD, while others either left me angry or wanting.
While parts were predictable--though there were some things I never saw coming--I still enjoyed reading everything and I never got bored.
Pregnancy is not a crisis. It's a gift. Whether they be wanted by you or someone else, no child is unwanted. #ChooseLife #Adoption
Well that's a win for women in Texas. Thank you SCOTUS! #texas
Kelly Clarkson, the rest of them seem insincere, particularly Hilary Duff.
Bring us the mattresses out of the truck.
Stick this cooler in the back of the truck.
It seems the heat created in Blood Song is progressively cooling off with each edition of this series.
I discovered the Blood Singer series a couple months ago, thanks to Tynga's post about a blow-out sale at bookcloseouts.ca a while back.
A football player is tackled.
soccer players stand on the field.
Do you mean, Robert De Niro in Scarface?
Also, I'm with the other reviewers who said that they felt The Wizard Returns didn't actually add up much to the entire plot.
The fact that its a prequel is actually enjoyable and wouldn't spoil anything to someone who hadn't read the first book.
Voss, also known as Viscount Dewhurst, relishes the sensual pleasures immortality affords.
There chemistry totally outshines Voss and Angelica.
The rescue truck is on its way.
But Daisy has a decidedly different story to tell than her sister did.
As the book opens, Daisy is coming out of mourning from the death of her horrible husband.
These are Simon and his brother Andrew , and the brothers James and John .
One of the main story arcs is that of River Tam and her brother Simon .
The more I get to know Amaranthe, the more I like her.
I want to know more, much like Amaranthe.
@tedcruz won't be there. I'm supporting @HillaryClinton for President. #lgbtrights #ACAWorks
@TIMENOUT Is there anything about the Clintons that is not fraudulent?
Because I'm against common core, common crooks and common lies! #NoHillary2016 #StopHillaryClinton2016 #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
It hurts because it's our fault.
oh, and that never hurts either.
a message with a black ribbon of how thrilling.
The ribbon was a faded two-tone, red over black.
I doubt that he even has an e-mail address.
Therese is very "flat" as a character.
Now, for the relationship between Than and Therese.
It includes true hamsters , voles , lemmings , and New World rats and mice .
Physically , they may resemble mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing
The graffiti on the wall is bland and tasteless.
Two people are walking next to a wall with graffiti.
Can't wait to read the next book in the series.
Thanks to the publisher and Netgalley for providing me with a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review!
A Parliamentary Assembly supervise the work of the Council , but it does not have any obligations on the Council .
The Parliamentary Assembly now has the same members as the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe .
@Callisto1947 @texasman2008 @AmyMek Hillary's new Campaign Slogan: HILLARY - NOTHING TO HIDE EXCEPT THE TRUTH !!! #TCOT #CCOT
@clairecmc @RosieGray is that why she and @ClintonGlobal take that #Saudi money? #SaudiCables #SaudiCables #clinton2016
They know what's best for their health They know what's best for their happiness They know what's best for their well being..
Nick isn't really doing a lot for me.
I do not think Nick will be around a whole lot longer, as she realizes just how far from safe Nick is becoming.
She called out quietly as the smell grew stronger.
With each new shield contact, the smell of ozone grew stronger.
Samantha "Sam" Damakis is a female wolf, and part of a noble family of werewolves.
Samantha "Sam" Demakis dreaded coming home for the holidays, she just wanted to focus on her medical degree.
Oh look!!! So not only are antichoice strongly against pregnant people's human rights, they're also homophobic. Shocker. (Not)
The Pirojpur municipality was established in 1985 .
The municipality was formed in 1882 by splitting from Vergeletto .
Whether someone wants to have children or not should be completely up to the person carrying that pregnancy...
Hilary has lied, deleted Benghazi emails, and betrayed the trust of Americans scandal after scandal.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
The Academy is composed of over 6,000 motion picture professionals .
At the 1st Academy Awards ceremony , there was no Best Picture award .
RT @GunnJessica: Because I want young American women to be able to be proud of the 1st woman president
An Asian woman with glasses in a green chair singing.
Asian girl sleeping on chair with backpack.
Young cheerleaders exhibit their flexibility.
a group of children posing with their certificates.
Various people sit in a brightly lit field at a festival as a crowd mills about near them.
Two players from different teams fighting for the white, red, and black ball.
I guess it is about ten to fifteen times per week.
With college and work, a minimun of once per week. At maximun, three times per week.
RT @RogerIsCatholic: Save the Baby Humans! #WAAR
Only problem is, Alera has the stupidest priorities.
Outside of Palace functions, Alera falls apart.
The characters were fine but I felt like as if they are superficial... At least the names where a little authentic Dustiana, Drantos, Antiana..
Drantos' clan are jerks in a way that only LD can write.
I believe that Tom Cruise could not have children.
She's a dead girl, you refer to her as a she.
the girl is a girl, she's the one.
Amy Lee, Angelina Jolie and many more.
Now that #Hillary is raising money like an incumbent president, can we stop pretending that she won't be the nominee?
#Putin, #NothingMoreAmericanThan voting based for a politician to lead the country when she can't even handle email. #think
The University of Bremen is the largest university in Bremen .
There are two cities that make up Bremen .
Vamps and the City is a funny, entertaining, well-paced and plotted romp.
Not an American but I'll def be following the circus of the 2016 presidential running unfold. #Christie2016
It's time for @Senate_GOPs @HouseGOP to start doing their jobs for US CITIZENS and stop giving in to @barackobama
@sassy_gramma Good point but Our heart starts beating 22 days after conception we are alive at conception.
Silence fell on the hilltop like a palpable thing.
Here, quite understandably, silence fell under the lindens.
My body, my life. You fuck it up in a way I'm not prepared for and I will kill you.
RT @alvedaking: The most disturbing thing we to this planet is to flood our streets with the #blood of #children from #HappyEarth...
Absolutely yes, but that is what made this book real.
Aric's absence in the first half of the book felt wrong.
My first book by Anne Rice.
Anne Rice - how I loved her in college!
A man is playing with a child.
Given that no reply has been received from any unrelated importer, sampling was not applied to unrelated importers.
since unrelated importers, the Commission did not receive any information, they were not sampled.
Altogether, I thought it was a funny story.
The story is set around four main characters, two girls and two boys, and each person is in love with another person in the group.
There is no foreseeable happy ending for them, and that's just sad.
Good solid ending, good choice for the final story in this selection.
Slyva, the elf character in the book, is very diplomatic and tries to be the peaceful voice of reason.
Review courtesy of Dark Faerie Tales Quick & Dirty: This book has it all: demon pets, dwarves, elves, orcs and a school for magic!
** spoiler alert ** This is book 4 in the Mercedes Thompson series, and it picks up right after Mercedes' rape in book 3.
Then proceeded to devour book 2, 3 and 4 in the space of a couple of days.
Even the way Stefan and Damon became vampires was altered in that there was no duel to the death this time around.
This first prequel volume, Origins, chronicles the Salvatores in 1864 when they first met Katherine and became vampires.
He soon learns that Teeth has terrible secrets.
Yet, for an island so devoid of life, it harbors a dark secret: Teeth.
Two women walking wearing all blue in a field.
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.
They captured the villian at the end!
The crooks wanted gold in the end.
Rurik is scarred from a past accident when he was still an Air Force pilot.
When Rurik arrives, he is surprised to see Tasya, a woman he'd once shared a fun filled with.
Inej- while I enjoyed her character (what she did, how she did it and who she was) she didn't stand out to me that much.
I loved Inej as well, she was a perfect example how someone small can be dangerous as well.
The term `` hyperbolic geometry '' was introduced by Felix Klein in 1871 .
Their attempts failed , but their efforts gave birth to hyperbolic geometry .
A troupe of dancers performs in a parade.
Statistically it is up to two to three times a week and ten times a month.
A group of women in a outdoor marketplace.
@realDonaldTrump Don't let the @GOP tell you how to run! #America doesn't need another politician. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain only
@theblaze American ppl are prolife, anti #Obamacare, pro #bordersecurity pro traditional marriage. Where has that gotten us.
over the river and through the woods, and UP WITH HILL WE GO! Yass #HillaryClinton #Hillary
The magic system and world building are probably the best elements - they are very indepth and rich.
Particularly interesting is the unique magic system in which the three branches uneasily co-exist.
John O'Donnell, former president of Trump Plaza Hotel & Casino ... @realDonaldTrump said "laziness is a trait in blacks.
We're not worried about the sex.
24 September 2014 update (Cover rant): Yep, that makes it clear it's not about the sex, doesn't it?
The Deutschland Tour was the most important multi-stage road bicycle race in Germany .
Carlos Sastre Candil is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer and champion of the 2008 Tour de France .
I like fairy tales to a degree, and I like mysteries, but I knew this was a young adult mystery.
And of course, the normal fairy tale theme of good winning over evil.
See the table with the motorcycle engine on top?
can you see the motor from the bike?
If you enter the question into the google search engine you will get many responses.
shifter he is always on alert, loyal to his loved ones, and wants to keep everyone safe.
This was my first experience with a dog shifter so I wasn't quite sure if I was going to love this one.
Shadow Spell picks up a couple of months after Dark Witch.
Why do I recommend, "Shadow Spell" by Nora Roberts?
Abortion does not prevent rape. Kittington
A woman in a yellow shirt surfs on a pink surfboard.
A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach.
A man in an orange shirt standing.
A woman sitting on a orange mat on a sidewalk.
They compete in the Western Hockey League , and joined the league in the 1967 - 68 season .
The California Golden Seals were a team in the National Hockey League from 1967 - 76 .
Everybody knows where everybody Else stands because of me.
Watching teen mom and watching Farrah be a bitch makes me believe in abortion that much more.
She* knows what's best for her* happiness & her* body
Sure, Jafar gains possession of the infamous genie's lamp instead of Aladdin.
It is an easy and quick read, and loyal to the idea of Aladdin.
@HillaryClinton End lawless #ClintonFoundation. Jail Butcher of #Benghazi. #Arrest rapist #BillClinton. #HillaryClinton
RT @AnthonyCumia: If Hillary IS elected, I have my transition team together to smoothly move me from a racist to a sexist.
Two women standing together observing their surroundings.
Sam Robards , her son with Robards , is an actor .
After that , Bacall married Jason Robards , also an actor .
The more the series goes on the more I dislike Clary and Jace along with her.
Jace is something that Will is not and that is mean-spirited.
Yes, Blossom the Happy Monster finally showed back up as promised, but only in the last few pages and almost as more of an after-thought.
I, for one, appreciated that the end was foreshadowed not only by the title but from page one.
A street performing juggler entertains a crowd.
A band is performing a song in a club.
Try going to a pawn shop.
Mara says one thing and no one believes her except Noah.
I'm rooting for Mara and Noah.
In managing NGOs, the Chinese government is torn by conflicting goals.
neither the Chinese government nor the exporting producers mentioned any legal basis.
take faith that almost every political entity around you, whether dissident or not, serves no good purpose #Dempublicans
@politico @anniekarni "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton & she wants to be @POTUS" #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
You should read the books written by Angus Oblong, who created a cartoon that used to be aired on the network, FOX.
Some books are great for one thing and one thing only - a beach read.
Not quite, but there are enough moments of laughter and tears to make this the perfect fun read.
@realDonaldTrump it's crazy how cowardly these big corporations are. I swear I'm campaigning for you !!!!!
Hillary Clinton might end up having my vote. She's been tackling so many issues that America needs to face.
It was said that Hitler conquered France , but did not conquer the Eiffel Tower .
People did not like the Eiffel Tower and wanted it taken down .
Hillary flew on private jet to speak to speak about Income & Equality. Dinner plates were $2700.00 ! #EqualityForAll #PJNET #CCOT
.@davelevinthal Operating a shredder, now @hillaryclinton is WAY more adept at using THAT! #WakeUpAmerica #TCOT #OhHillNO!
If you like the beginning of the wheel of time, you'll like this.
In fact, The Unremembered is very reminiscent of The Wheel of Time, especially The Eye of the World.
This series is definitely one I will cherish forever; along with its characters and this unique world Crane has created.
Okay, now I owe a little apology to Ms. Crane.
Frankie Avalon is an American actor , singer , and former teen idol .
Emily Jordan Osment is an American teen actress and singer-songwriter .
She goes against rules and meets with her human friend from before.
She can't link with Justus or his friend.
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
Wish there was more but I just loved reading about Braith and Aria.
Braith really did grow as a character, coming full circle and all..
Graveyard Shift is a fun and mostly irreverent romp through the afterlife.
A book with a little different take on the afterlife.
usually the whims of sick people deny all this to the physician.
all of a sudden, a sick doctor will reject the sick doctor.
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC
China manufacturing expands in September
#greta Trump is absolutely on fire right now! He is a good man with a great family. He is the medicine this country needs!
As Liza reflects, "It was too much.
Just when you think Liza has reached the end, another challenge is laid at her feet.
And the working american tax payer keeps on paying for the unethical liberals who want to destroy this great country of ours.
Insurgent. What will happen if Hillary becomes dictator in chief.
-%C10-%C11-%O$tAlready offering CHAT to $1
-% C10-% C11-% O $t $1 sets ban on $1
Ask him his phone number or where his house is.
Please do not forget my phone number, Milli Vanilli.
Homeless man in colorful alcove.
Two homeless men sitting at a park.
@AYoungJFK it was her choice Mark! #profeminist
limewire is free and legal, but it doesn't always work.
Tribes often have initiations .
The two tribes were Ulong and Koror .
BRAVO TO BOTH OF YOU BEAUTIFULLY EXPLAINED HOLD UP #humantrafficking bill @SenBlumenthal @DickDurbin #womensrights #righttochoose
if Hillary wins the election there's a chance we might move to Australia. #HILLARY4PRES
@marcorubio will not let our enemies take advantage of us like Obama is doing & Hillary will do! @TeamMarco #NewAmericanCentury
I hate Hillary Clinton and Obama, please go die together thrown into the ocean get ripped into prices by sharks.
Clinton entitlement is the proverbial American hemorrhoid #tcot #Opinionated
Idk,It was nice to read about how Oz was I guess 'build' and by whom.
So unlike almost everyone else in Oz I didn't believe that Glinda was as pink and fluffy and altruistic as she appeared.
Looking forward to the next book.
The political manuvering was much easiery explained in this second book.
i like that song little sister
My sister. She's obsessed about him.
As of 2000 , the population was 33,647 .
During that period , the country was divided into 33 oblasts .
The interior of the polygon is sometimes called its body .
A square is a polygon because it has four sides .
Chase doesn't waste any time showing you who he is...a Demon Hunter.
As secrets are reveled to Chase, the world he thought he lived in turns upside down.
The young boy opens his arms as waves come crashing near him.
A tennis player in a white outfit hits a tennis ball.
My teacher today basically said that embroyo's are nothing but skin + blood & that abortion was fine. #smartlady
Differentiated plant cells generally can not divide or produce cells of a different type .
The vascular cambium is a type of meristem - tissue consisting of embryonic cells from which other plant tissues originate .
in the case of a negative answer to the second question:
Using William , Xana is easily able to overpower the other Lyoko warriors and destroy Lyoko 's core .
Then XANA made replikas of Lyoko and , using the Skidblanir , the lyoko warriors destroy the replicas one by one .
Ender's game was a disappointment, and so was this.
ENDER'S GAME was excellent and so is ENCHANTMENT.
@WSJ . Clinton Foundation to keep accepting bribes from foreign governments #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
Boy in black swim trunks playing in spray of water.
Dreams she remembers, and some are terrifying!
She finds herself inside the dreams of other's.
Person in green jacket and backpack biking through snow
An Asian man in a suit is standing in a subway train.
A man in front of an Asian shop of some sort working on a bicycle.
I wish we could see a little more interaction with Creel and Luka, but I know that's not the focus of the story...
I'm still not over how smooth Luka was in the end with the proposal.
Ian was voted out outside Tribal Council by being verbally eliminated by Tom after winning the Final Immunity Challenge .
Hill Auditorium is the largest performance venue on the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor in the United States .
The Ann Arbor campus is divided into four main areas : the North , Central , Medical , and South Campuses .
If the answers to all the questions are no, then I run.
it was a very difficult decision making.
@realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Mr. Trump!!!
Trump's comments show he cannot be taken seriously. The fact he's polling high shows the party should not be taken seriously.
Brinddt, go instead of Farr to the machine gun.
Abby Cooper, Psychic Eye was a really fun, extremely quick read.
Not to mention, the psychic ability itself was just plain cool!
Jasper's story was one of my favorite parts of the book.
As Rosalie's story is dark, Jasper's is equally so.
RT @rxchelredekop: Consenting to sex is not consenting to being pregnant!!! Like!!! No!!!!
Among other things , it explains how the layout of books can be improved and how books are stored on Wikipedia .
Newcomers ' ideas of how things should be handled within Wikipedia will largely be out of context .
They also have won two Greek Cups and played in an additional two Cup finals .
It has won three titles totally , one Greek championship and two Greek cups .
The two workers enjoy a moment of levity while in the truck.
Two young Snowman builders take delight in their creation.
a good web site is www.wholenote.com
visit the web site www.cosmopolitanmagazine .com
Spend a day with Silver Shark by Ilona Andrews.
I love the writing team that is Ilona Andrews.
I'm up for a huge Lubriderm campaign next week.
next week I'm campaigning on lotion on my hands.
Lana is a woman on the run.
Both Adam and Lana were great characters to root for.
Meaning that it need cared for and about.
Do you understand my meaning?
Ministries are usually subordinate to the cabinet , and prime minister , president or chancellor .
Shaukat Aziz , was the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2004 to 2007 .
Of all the things, a parking ticket did Son of Sam in.
eventually Sam's son leaked a parking ticket.
I watch ESPN usually, and some direct TV channels.
Two young children working together to operate a bicycle.
Scene of two children sitting amongst the contents of a produce stand.
A very dark and sinister well-written novel about a pack of wolves!
Despite them being wolves their struggles mirror our own in many ways and their emotions are surprisingly human.
A woman is slicing a garlic.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
Three children are running in front of a large group of ducks.
A mother and three children play on a teeter totter at a playground.
an ipod , you wouldn't have buy the cd to listen to a couple of songs
The worst mistake of my life was having to buy the color IPod.
Very much enjoyed this alternative historical fiction set in North America.
An interesting look at magic and early America.
From north to south the delta is approximately 160 km in length .
These EMUs have a maximum commercial speed of 160 km/h .
Thousands of other Ukrainians were killed at Babi Yar .
Babi Yar is a ravine near Kiev in Ukraine .
@gvandersee 100,000 (estimated) ozzie abortions of vulnerable, unwanted "unlife" right there. Value & Respect life. #deathpenalty
Here's a list of rhyming words.
I have not watched any autistic adults on television (other than light Aspberger's cases).
Rikki is also autistic, albeit a high functioning one.
Casaya won their first Immunity Challenge , and back at La Mina , Dan and Terry recruited Nick and Austin to target Misty .
La Mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of Casaya would be exiled at the Reward Challenge .
Because it has that Neil Gaiman creepy but quirky stamp all over it.
The illustration and art by Chris Riddell is stunning and create a fantastic picture of the interesting world Neil Gaiman creates.
A man with a black dog sitting in a yellow kayak on that is floating on calm water.
Three sailboats float on calm water in front of hills and palm trees.
Ryodan on the other hand chained Dani up for 3 days without food or water or bathrooms.
This new cover totally says that the story is ALL about Dani, right?
He shoud stay home and grow up
why not stay home and talk!
@LuM1996 @KurtSchlichter #Obama cares more about deserters than unborn babies #ProtectTheUnprotected #AntiAbortion
If my only impression of the US was Donald Trump, I think I would hate it.
@realDonaldTrump Now that you're the leader of the GOP, will you show them what Leadership is? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I don't necessarily miss the love triangle, but I Jacob is such a lovable character!
At the same time I love this ending because at least we know there won't be a reimagining of the other three books, too.
This feels like pretty generic fantasy to me, as it has nearly every stereotypical fantasy character/event/etc in it, bot overall it wasn't a bad read.
Feist is a master fantasist, and for me this is where it all began.
I Can't wait to read more about Lana and her adventures !
And if Lana fails at the true goal, the secrets she doesn't know could doom the whole system.
Please with your older sister or commit a similar action.
@realDonaldTrump you work on the Mexican wall and I will focus on the Canadian wall!! #trueenemy #Christie2016
The male in your grade? That is sensational.
The other was a Caucasian male in six grade.
After his woman died he longed for the death and found Lestat.
A room that contained him and Lestat.
@Newsmax_Media I bet the @realDonaldTrump does. This man knows how to save our country w/o tiptoeing around, playing games.
@ZekeJMiller @Reince @SharonDay GOP plan to stop Trump? LOL Maybe they can put up loser candidates like Romney, McCain and Jeb!
just bought that last week the whole cd is great.
Bernadette Smyth is an ignorant thunder cunt. Not her life. Not her body. Not her business. #ItsABallOfCellsNotABaby #NewsNI
The heroes saving the agony of death.
This is about the cover-up of an accidental death.
People are walking around a picnic area that is covered in snow.
A woman and a child wearing snow skiing gear sitting on the side of a snow covered mountain.
From t he very first sentence, literally, of Dead Undead or Somewhere in Between, I liked Rhiannon Murphy.
Rhiannon Murphy is a bartender in a strip club, a mouthy chick and oh by the way, a necromancer.
I really liked Bethany and Cole and Amelia, even though she can be bratty sometimes.
Amelia is such a strong female lead and her story is so unique!
In 2013 Clinton Foundation collected $140M and spent $9M on direct aid, in 2014 they raised $500M and spent $100M on direct aid!
@gerfingerpoken2 #hillary is most likely a felon many times over but has been protected by the political class.
* So, hey, hey this song is for us *
* Then don't give it up, that's what they're singing *
His first eye-opening is when he meets Rayna.
Rayna is half demon and half hunter, beautiful, tough, and challenges everything that Chase has ever known.
South Park" belittles everything and it is merely humorous.
It originally meant "disc jockey," but say "dance jamster.
Are you certain that you posses a disc jockey license?
Two women in diaphanous pink skirts dancing.
Two women appear to sleep at a table in a diner.
The first sharks looked very different from modern sharks .
But in early sharks , they were the same length .
People who judge Trump based on his looks and hair style yet call him a racist bigot might be #hypocrites
A jug of water over his head.
A whole ton of water.
In 2008 , Kuban was the most popular club of 1 division .
In 1963 the club was renamed Kuban and has been known by this name ever since .
A girl is playing soccer with other girls in the background.
A person crossing the street with many others in the background.
Sorry, Hillary's new normal folk image doesn't take away from Behgnazi & her 0 foreign policy successes as Secretary of State.
#LoveWins on the day I get my Hillary gear! #Yaaas #Pride
@tooprettyclub Are you OK with #GOP males telling you what you can and can't do with your own body?
If the fetus isn't inside you, than shut up love
@HillaryClinton A Rainbow logo? Did u know only 4% of the US is gay? (2010 Census). #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
@johnpodesta @HillaryClinton awesome every true chef needs this.. Go Hillary
@AnneJp1946 I have no problem with birth control but their you go with that free thing again. So your solution is murder good idea
@ghhshirley @WordfactoryQ @LeahNTorres Abortion Workers Charged with Manslaughter After Another Woman Dies From
I loved the writing style and I also really liked the pace of this book.
Traitor to the Throne featured more political elements to it than the previous book.
But i think Layla is the one I am really looking for.
LAYLA The girl grew a spine people!
I regularly answer questions on Yahoo Answers.
I think this is the best Artemis since the eternity code.
I also didn't like that Artemis lied to Holly and got away with it.
I really enjoyed this book and how much we learned about the character's past.
i am angered by most of the scenes in the book.
This is a tale of the late 19th - early 20th century years, when stage shows were everywhere and stage magic was all the rage.
Brought to you by Staar84 Beware of spoilers In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in the dark during the course of a fraudulent seance.
Let's bring prosperity to the line workers & to the kindergarten teachers!!!- @amyklobuchar #inspiredbyhillary
It includes 500-600 species of mostly herbs , with some shrubs and trees , in 32 genera .
Most Heliantheae are herbs or shrubs , but there are some that grow to the size of small trees .
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
In 1996 , Bruce Pavitt resigned from Sub Pop to raise a family .
The album cover was an attempt by Sub Pop to capitalize on Cornell 's image .
Zone in Orlando , Florida .
It is in Zone 1 of the underground .
Clearly @realDonaldTrump has very good finance people because his shocking racist comments proves he not an intelligent human!
I wonder if Trump is at the Mexico soccer game in Chicago? I hear he has a lot of supporters there
Percy Sledge is an American R&B and soul performer .
Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and Soul .
It was completely original, and an angel story told right.
From the beginning of the book, I was very captivating by the story.
@LilaGraceRose defunding PP won't mean fewer abortions. It will mean more dead women.
Dude, they are trying to pick someone up on the Internet!
It was amazing to learn about all the Egyptian culture and stories.
I really enjoyed the Egyptian god connection.
Jamie has been drawn to Jeremy, but without much acknowledgement from Jeremy.
So Jamie and Jeremy start investigating.
Even with my qualms, I'm still looking forward to reading the next book.
Sophie is age appropriate for young adult books, but the language and writing style of this book is much more on an adult level.
where'd everyone go in the fog?
Tomorrow, a little fog at the beach.
@HillaryClinton R U desperate or what? 3rd Hillary tweet on my timeline 2day. NOT gonna vote 4 U!
.@HillaryClinton The spatula seems appropriate, given that it can be used to easily flip positions if the heat gets to high.
My aunt married her boss without any problems!
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.
I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
I'm so glad Toby and Tybalt finally got together.
Toby was somehow, for me at least, a lot more relatable in this book.
Ozai 's children , Azula and Zuko were alive and well .
His father , Fire lord Ozai , thinks that Zuko is useless .
A woman in a bright pink skirt carrying a basket on her back, walking up a cobblestone path.
A man in a striped orange shirt pulls a cart heavily laden with colorful cleaning supplies up a cobblestone street.
The governess at the child, or the child at the governess?
the babysitter after the baby or the babysitter?
I have seen just about every episode of CSI Las Vegas.
There is plenty of fear and loathing in Las Vegas.
Pink Floyd, but can I put a vote in for the Ramones too?
I am almost certain that you could buy their CD at Walmart.
the sound of a clocks tick over and over
The table makes a sound.
This leaves Anna barely functioning causing her to dislike vampires.
Speaking of her friends, Anna Cathy and Ty have great personalities.
A baseball player is about to catch the ball while a man watches.
A female tennis player on a blue court prepares to hit the ball.
Her hair color fits her and she doesn't change it often.
An older woman watches a younger woman play with a child.
An elderly woman giving her daughter a hug.
It is a fate that no Jan Tep wants.
Those without become the Sha' Tep which are basically servants to the Jan Tep.
My husband found me on the radio station, Q106 Rock n Roll Dateline.
Two young mothers are visiting at the dining room table while keeping an eye on their youngsters.
Young brunette mother is sitting down, holding a baby who is chewing on a multicolored teething ring.
Under the ring name Test , Martin wrestled for the World Wrestling Federation from 1998 - 2004 , and 2006 - 2007 .
Most recently , he worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name `` The Punisher '' Andrew Martin .
There were footsteps in the fog.
Thr r no rights w/o responsibilities. The rt 2 bodily autonomy comes w/ the responsibility 2 care 4 1's unborn child #ProLifeYouth
If being a mother's womb isn't safe I guess neither are churches; specifically black ones #WhoIsBurningBlackChurches
Hey Megan--a baby's heart starts beating at 21 days after conception. No time is the right time to end its life!! #kellyfile
@AzzarelliJim Not so great for the women you want to force to give birth against their wills. #rapeculture
A small child playing at the playground.
I can't wait to continue reading the series and find out what happens to the girls.
The first of Libba Bray's Gemma Doyle Trilogy, "A Great and Terrible Beauty," is an interesting start to a series.
Cesena 's industry centers on agriculture , handicrafts , and tourism .
Agriculture and tourism are the pillars of the canton 's economy .
The Romanesque style in England is more traditionally referred to as Norman architecture .
This style was heavily influenced by the Byzantine religious architecture with its use of large central domes .
Marriage is a significant event in a person's life.
Can't wait to see what is developing with the PsyLED team and specifically with Occam and his devoted protectiveness.
Nell's love interest, Occam, slowly makes a move, but is frustrated by Nell constantly being in danger.
The Governor of Shaanxi is the highest ranking official in the People 's Government of Shaanxi .
The Convent has been the official residence of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728 .
hey "transparent" @HillaryClinton so...who is "Santa"? #LibHack #Pay2Play #Corruptocrat #tcot #Benghazi #VinceFoster #Monica
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
Syria opposition agrees to talks
I would be so embarrassed if @realDonaldTrump were my dad. My dad was #conservative #Marine but not stupid or unkind. #yuck
use file sharing software like limewire and such
@CNNPolitics @Eugene_Scott Careful Donald. Don't get carried away.
He's to teach her how to control the horseman, but he finds she's branded with the Headless Horseman's mark.
He was one determined character and I liked how he handled the ending.
The Crusaders: horrible in many ways, justified in others.
Meda has sided with the Crusaders, but why won't they trust her?
@HillaryClinton literally the greatest video I have ever seen.
A bit slower than I'd like but still very enjoyable, looking forward for 2nd book
Very few important characters bit the dust and there wasn't much in the way of gritty violence--something I can't help but enjoy.
I'm Fonald Frump and EVERYBODY THINKS YOU'RE AN IDIOT.forPresident
Le(a)nin left RT @uss_victory: @realDonaldTrump /#LongLiveLiberty; Better is a "#Capitalist" for President than a #Communist.
That Time Trump Spent Nearly $100000 On An Ad Criticizin US Foreign Policy In 1987 #america #DonaldJTrump #foreignpolicy
We played a good joke yesterday, did we not?
It was some time after they played a joke upon you.
Two children standing in swimwear standing together in the sand.
Prior to its dissolution , Air Kazakhstan was headquartered in Almaty .
Mesa Air Group , a regional airline group , is headquartered in Phoenix .
two men look over cliff near the beach.
People are hanging out at a beach side cafe.
The #Obama Presidency: Has There Ever a Point in Time When He HASN'T Been Lying to #WeThePeople? RE: The "Liar-in-Chief
So I smiled, then frowned again and walked away.
Calusa Indians founded the settlement and called it Manataca .
Erik the Red founded the first Nordic settlement in Greenland .
The Goose Girl might be based on a fairy tale, but that isn't likely.
I loves me some retold fairy tales.
I wanted the kids to be more empowered, but it was more realistic (as far as a magic candy shop can be) this way.
A Candy Shop opens up in town, but it isn't a normal candy shop.
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide.
An opposing wrestler is jumping off the top ropes onto another wrestler.
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris.
The slowly growing feelings between Peter and Alice were a really nice touch.
Alice ends up being sent to Wonderland to collect an army.
clitoris but before that nipples :p and before that, lips and neck, behind the ears...
I wrote 'The Art of the Deal,' the number one best selling business book of all time, at least I think
@realDonaldTrump First sentence a must, but he'll NEVER be my President. #Truth will be revealed. He's an Indonesian citizen.
@DemocratGuide @Reuters bur #Hlllary just raised 45 million!
But she had loved her more than Wendy expected.
Wendy has an incredible gang around her.
In contrast to it , the naginata blade is shorter , wider and more curved to the tip .
The angle tint tool has a slightly curved tip that is commonly used in printmaking .
@HillaryClinton @WomenintheWorld we need to re-establish a #global system dominated by love and affection have #moral_humane RT
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
Laguna Beach, Real World and Road Rules.
This is my favorite quote from the book and an excellent quote about love: "This is what love is, I thought.
I just can't help but love two characters who enjoy aggravating each other - it may be my favorite dynamic to read.
They shall impose such penalties on a non-discriminatory basis.
In the future, I will impose the heaviest penalties.
The site www.lyrics.com has the lyrics.
@JohnKerry @BALWANIKAPIL @HillaryClinton @StateDept @tomperriello I didn't realize #PayToPlayDiplomacy was such a big hit!
@philadper2014 @LouiseKatina Hillary's New Campaign slogan is: HILLARY - NOTHING TO HIDE BUT THE TRUTH! #tcot #WakeUpAmerica
@LifeMattersJrnl Once again, whose body do you have a "right" to use w/out consent? Still waiting. #rapeculture
This is # 3 in the Harper Connelly series.
I think that Harris's Harper Connelly books are better than her Sookie Stackhouse books, but I don't necessarily enjoy them as much.
I like Jalal and Despina, but neither of them has enough character development to really pull this off.
@realDonaldTrump U gonna take this? I hope not! Bullshit from #Univision #NBCUniversal and #Macys. "Magic of Macy's" my ass
Donald Trump has me "L-ing my A O." This dude is nuts I highly recommend watching the #CNN interview. He is entertaining.
I will probably hang out a a local club.
A mother and daughter pose in front of a waterfall.
A model poses for a photo shoot inside a luxurious setting.
i dont think its been released on dvd yet!
okay, helicopter Khui, stop trying to run my life!
So, Liz calls her Khui a Cootie - which I have to say is adorable.
Khalid was received by his elder brother Walid bin Walid and was first among the three men to enter Islam .
Before the early years of Islam Islam Khalid bin Walid , corresponding to a soldier in his youth was notorious in pure Quraysh .
A doctor in an office smiling at the camera.
A man walking underneath a bridge glances at the camera.
Canada's legal definition of "human being" is based on 17th century science. It's time for an update. #ProLifeYouth #cdnpoli
@StevenErtelt @GM_GXPfan My wife had an abortion when she was young She regrets it to this day
A paramedic looks on at a firetruck.
a firetruck fights a fire.
Apologies, females, but this isn't our fault.
A man with a red and black shirt sells fish.
Aileana is a feisty redhead who burns with the thirst for revenge.
The two have a great friendship and Gavin is the only one who knows Aileana's secret, being a seer and able to see fae himself.
Why is it illegal to kill an unhatched eagle egg but its legal to kill an unborn human baby?isright
Kudos to the mentality that believes people who are dumb enough to not use protection are 'mature enough' to take care of a baby.
It is the third busiest station on the network and the busiest without connection to the National Rail service .
The idea was looked into , but Network Rail own the necessary land and need it for their own expansion plans .
Trump Tower is not on fire. It is The Avery building. The only Trump fire is the one that I hand out when #YoureFired #TrumpRules
Children are having fun playing in the water and on shore at the beach.
@HillaryforIA come on, Iowa! For better USA and the ROW
Numerous amounts of buildings surrounding tourists.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
Several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves.
A crowd gathers in front of a stand from which a man and two women sell food.
In one case, I didn't understand the mechanics of how Jafar could do something to a certain character - it didn't make sense to me.
*But*--and pay close attention now--*I have to do what [Jafar] says.
Just owned a woman who works for planned parenthood. #factsonly
Three people sitting on a bus each doing something different.
Three people at are doing high-risk work.
Dealing with all the craziness really helped Dez grow as a person.
Reese and Dez get closer throughout the whole book, but especially during the time right after her change.
(p.399) "Welcome to Bordertown" by Ellen Kushner & Terri Windling sets up the premise for the anthology.
And the individual authors of the anthologies used the premise in diverse ways.
And, there's a good reason he insists on trying 'the shoe' on every maiden in order to find his real love.
I'm baffled by the low ratings, because it's a really good retelling and you'll find mentions of other popular fairytales in there too.
I struggle to get into Stephen Kings way of writing.
I recommend The Bazaar of Bad Dreams to all fans of Stephen King.
I cant' relate to the main character; Rudy and that's a big problem.
Teeth is just as much of a complex character as Rudy.
Please check IMDb for information.
The hurricane caused 3,000 deaths , as well as crop and animal damage .
It caused around 163 deaths , and brought damage throughout the areas it affected .
In 1889 it was raised by the Roman Catholic Church to the double rite of first class .
The Latin Rite or Church is the largest and most widely known of the 22 Rites of the Catholic Church .
Clancy has generally been regarded as a political conservative , and has donated over US$ 256,000 to Republican Party political candidates .
Though Hindenburg ran during the second round of the elections as a non-party independent , he was generally regarded as the conservative candidate .
You are not the only person who has those feelings.
Both the pink panther and the haunted mansion are rated pg-13
@RSherman_25 Join Twitter Trump brigade #onethousandtweets to support message #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump
On March 17 , 1995 Janet Reno ended the investigation .
Janet Wood Reno is the former Attorney General of the United States .
Hey, me and my girlfriend are at the bar.
Hey, it's my girlfriend. That was seriously uncool.
I don't know exactly why is that...
I don't know what was previous knowledge or new to previous readers.
25% of Mexico has INVADED AMERICA - & CONTINUES to OCCUPY us yet POS #RINO phony #Jeb BLAMES #TRUMP for telling the TRUTH! -
It's always sexy, funny, and light reading.
LITERAL ADDICTION gives Time Thief 4 1/2 Skulls and definitely recommends it if you're looking for something fresh, funny, sexy and new.
Is this about teaching Pop some lesson?
it was a lesson that reads:
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain.
A black and white dog is being soaked with a jet of water in a blue paddling pool.
As a semi-independent state , the Principality existed from 1571 to 1711 .
Barisal was a semi-independent area in Mughal period .
Its main tributary is the Benue River .
It straddles the Cibin River , a tributary of the river Olt .
The biggest joke played on man is that size doesn't matter.
Scene 2 : Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pond .
Scene 3 : A military parade passes by outside Marie 's room .
@_Poli_Ana_ No, she's got the #BlackLivesMatter vote w/o even talking to them. Most blacks are brainwashed by @TheDemocrats
@LeahR77 @DrMartyFox > With continued #Obama's & @TheDemocrats Admin policymaking, #USA will become #Greece! #WakeUpAmerica #NJ
Justice Breyer et al think injections into arms of killers is heinous. No word on acidic saline executing unborn babies, however.
A trio of dancers twirling in white skirts.
The bands guitarist begins his solo on stage.
Basketball players practicing for their game.
People in coats are watching a game.
Two black women in fancy uniforms
Closeup of two women hugging each other
@m_lonz @LifeNewsHQ Captors have already been born and are no longer part of the body of a pregnant woman. That's the difference.
I saw the classic from Australia.
Any bar in Australia, and that is a guarantee.
The Mandurah Railway Line is an interurban railway line , running through the south western suburbs of Perth , Western Australia .
The port city of Bunbury is the third largest city in Western Australia after Mandurah and Perth the state capital .
And another aspect that I never expect from Feehan is a MC club.
I am intrigued by this MC club though.
Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches.
One soccer player in an orange uniform getting hit in the face by a ball kicked by a player in blue.
I can't believe my stupidity in starting a series that isn't complete yet.
I honestly can't decide if I like Trickery or Persuasion more.
I might have to find a copy and do a quick read through to fully enjoy the story as it was meant to be told.
This is definitely a bedtime story that one day I will share with my own children.
This is not her first time at the rodeo! @HillaryClinton doesn't care who likes her or not This woman is on a mission #Tough
Children playing in water fountains that shoot up from the ground.
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water.
Daphne decides that the boy that went back with her brother might be a good place to start, maybe he knows how to find him.
I'm not sure I completely understood Daphne but I liked her.
u may know that she's loving you by gestures.
some one else shes loving is around her mostly
A young child plays a musical instrument in front of another boy.
Five people looking up while holding musical instruments.
@GOP If you can not debate Trump, you should not be running for president. #backurbase.
Everything Donald Trump said was 100% true though.
It was my car which lead yesterday.
but yesterday you were racing with my car.
Maybe an inch and a half by a quarter inch?
Bring it in a quarter of an inch on the left.
It will also be used for driver and maintenance training and familiarisation .
Country Energy also is represented by a training and maintenance center .
link to the program's Web page URL
The rating was obtained from the Web page.
With respect to him, the decision does not therefore need a statement of reasons.
accordingly, it was not necessary to justify the decision in relation to it.
Eating junk food, talking about our feelings.
What's with all the baking and the junk food?
Two friends ride a bicycle.
A little girl is walking down a path lined with large trees.
Two people with backpacks hike up a rocky dirt path next to a conifer tree.
Do we breathe & live or ignore & collectively succumb to toxins of political, ecological, unwanton oligards? #p2 #bernie2016
@HillaryClinton The deceit hand? Thats a hand you know well. Right?
@MyOTRadventure Compassion the new frontier Hillary will go where she's never gone before She'll need a village & a committee
I loved Dex and how he and Sloane bickered but I was confused by the world.
He was a good team leader, dependable and loyal, but he carried a secret he couldn't share.
The three jewels of Buddhism are the Buddha , the Dharma , and the Sangha .
In Buddhism , the first schism was set up by Devadatta , during Buddha 's life .
I highly recommend the phenomenally suspenseful hot and steamy Burn For Me by Cynthia Eden.
so glad Ms Eden has returned to the world of the supernatural.
Because Percy Jackson is absolutely awesome.
The facts were right (mostly I guess) with side comments from Percy, which made it more engaging.
#presidentialelection2016 Make plans to help your future now, so that later you don't regret it, again! Vote @realDonaldTrump
I wanted to know why Shiarra was being dragged into this, and the petty excuse just made my day!
As much as I want to strangle Shiarra I really like the other characters so I am sticking with it.
Already adored the Psy/Changeling series by N. Singh but this story is a really cute one!
I liked the 2nd one 2nd best, actually, Sweet Dreams.
And for the first time as a reader of this series, I felt a pull towards Riley and her character.
Anyway, things come to a head between Riley and the two sides to her soul.
The Zakarpattia Oblast has a total area of 12800 k and is located in the Carpathian Mountains region of western Ukraine .
Situated in the Carpathian Mountains , Zakarpattia Oblast 's economy depends mostly on trans-border trade , vinery and forestry .
type in soaring eagle casino in the search bar on the yahoo homepage...i believe it is the first result
In Yahoo.com's search bar, enter text "Antonio Aguillar Biography" and click on a search result.
A sunset scene with a mountain in the background and people walking across a walkway bridge.
A bunch of birds flying towards a building with an antenna in the background amid a beautiful sunset.
Three toddlers sit amidst cut down foliage.
Three girls in winter coats are outside in a snowy forest.
@HillaryClinton is opening 10 more offices in Iowa this week. She's not playing around! #iacaucus
Leader of free world. Global navigating. Interacting with the international community. Beyond big crowds. Learned lesson.
It made me feel bad for Raahosh, his naughty Khui had the bad taste in women!
They help give us both Liz and Raahosh perspective.
Aitne , also known as , is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
Eurydome , also known as , is a natural satellite of Jupiter .
A Asian women rides a bike while wearing a respirator mask.
Two asian women wearing hats being pulled in a rickshaw by an asian male with a headband.
Support #independent #BernieSanders because he's not a liar. #POTUS #libcrib #democrats #tlot #republicans #WakeUpAmerica
he looks me straight in the eye and calls me his ex-wife.
and then he held my hand and looked me straight in the eye.
A yellow dog shaking off from a jump into a stream.
a dog jumps in the pool to get a chicken.
This is Connor and Meara's story.
The best is Aries and Torrent.
try a torrent website like isohunt.com
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
Two dark-skinned parents look happily on their child in a park
Two children run through a sprinkler.
Do you ever have a car stolen? No, what?
did your car ever get away?
The Resaca Confederate Cemetery was founded on October 25 , 1866 .
It was founded as the Syrian Protestant College by American missionary Daniel Bliss in 1866 .
Angelina Jolie gives me a warm feeling.
Earth is going to lead a battle that defeats the sphere-builders.
the country will lead the battle to defeat Budovar Sfair.
Paradisaeidae is a family of the Passeri suborder .
The other suborder of Carnivora is Caniformia .
Men will love when you dress up.
wear a kinky bunny suit guys love it tell me what happened vol_fan_raybaby@yahoo.com
Women in dresses leaning on a metal fence.
Two women compete in a martial arts contest.
The territorial capital of Nebraska was Omaha .
Nebraska 's Legislature is unusual in that it is unicameral and nonpartisan .
@HomunculusLoikm @SawyerAndrew @BryanBroome1 @jstines3 Bad analogy. The current time frame for abortion is the best compromise
I'm enthralled and can't wait to begin the final book.
I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I flipping loved Froi.
The contest was extended once more , and Germain began work on her third attempt .
The Sophie Germain prime and Crater Germain on Venus are named after her .
Inform her it's incorrect. That you noticed that the preparatory children don't like her.
I wanted to inform you that uninnocent21s answer is incorrect.
I knew it wasn't beforehand, but many are under the impression that it is a YA book.
I make time for every book, and I've loved them all.
not if that's the color you dye your hair!
I got lost in the tales again once I got done with the women.
I kept a journal of who's who and still got blurry-eyed by the end.
The characters are fun and the adventure is plentiful.
There are also plenty of ethical dilemmas here as well.
Prosper has a demon living inside of him because of a broken deal that an ancestor made 300 years ago.
Outside the United States , the single was released commercially in Australia and the United Kingdom .
In Australia , as in the United Kingdom , Constable is the lowest rank in most police services .
Year 1818 was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian Calendar .
Perhaps you can start something in the concession area of WalMart.
Perhaps you could ask her to start over and go on another date.
Following the N212/Ingenieur Enschedeweg in a southern direction until the N198/Geestdorp.
Following the Tuurluur in a southern direction going into the Papekopperdijk.
As of 2007 census , Sta .
Neryn lives in Alban, where magic is banned by King Keldec.
Can Neryn learn to use her gift to help turn the tides in the war and bring the much awaited peace to Alban?
A browser game is a video game that is played on a web browser .
Charon is a web browser for the Inferno operating system .
start seeing other women.that should work for good
A male tennis player pumps his fist.
A basketball player is dribbling the ball.
being condiderate of her feelings and needs
Some men cannot express their feelings.
She meets Quinn Donegan, the tattooed to-hot-to-be-real Irishman, who has a different girl on his arm and in his bed every night.
For some men this might seem like a dream come true and for Quinn it is until he meets and falls for Ryann!
Essentially," the D.H.C. concluded, "bokanovskification consists of a series of arrests of development.
basically," the L.P. concluded, "the boon is a serial stop-stop.
@LaureneDiCillo @NBCNews @dl34l And why are major media outlets not exposing Hillary's blatant flip flopping on this issue.
@frodofied SO? THt will NEVER erase their support of DOMA & silence on #LGBT #LGBTQ rights until it is politically aventageous.
Do to others whatever you would have them do to you. This is the law and the prophets. Mt 7:12 #ProLifeYouth
Part one is Yuki solving the mystery of the intense odor of the most recent lost soul she needs to help.
The first part was generally enjoyable.
@BruvverEccles @Telegraph @David_Cameron I despair! I want grandchildren or are they a 'luxury item' #Catholic
Brendan James Fraser is a Canadian-American actor of stage and screen .
Christopher Eccleston is an English stage , film and television actor .
I refuse to stop praying for an end to abortion.
A line is beginning to form at The Cheap Tab Shop.
A group of natives are gathered at a native shop.
indicate the method [33] of implementation.
Indicate the groups that the attendee belongs to
This series is so good so far that I'm afraid to read them...because then I can't look forward to reading them.
A good book if you want pure entertainment and love fantasy/action.
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
A fair amount of the paranormal books I read have heroines like Eveny who are absolutely clingy to their love interests.
There's also a group of kids(think Mean Girls) headed by Chloe and Peregrine, who take an immediate interest in Eveny.
@NBCNews Stop promoting @HillaryClinton. She is a liar. Just like her impeached husband. #WakeUpAmerica
@readyforHRC Support encourage #HillaryClinton president #UnitedStates world is success of women in world
A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard
A woman, playing music, smiles as a crowd surrounds her.
Some Bitches be scared to kill a little cockroach in their house but quick to kill a baby...
The answer to a #crisis #pregnancy is to eliminate the crisis not the #child.youthgen
So just call around and ask.
@docdebags @awelab1956 @BuzzFeedAndrew @BuzzFeedNews It will. Otherwise we're guaranteed GOP in control of all 3 branches.
@RNRNewYork in her #Emails @HillaryClinton said there were "a couple of Facebooks" on her :) #TotalIncompetence #RedNationRising
@tommyhubb @JonathanHoenig Obama sees everything through an anti-Colonial prism.Every move he makes degrades our nation.#Cashinin
Put into perspective: Est 32,000 rape-caused pregnancies/yr = 22x less than est 730,000 abortions/yr. #StrawMan #WarOnWomen
Those two are just so great together.
Because how loveable the characters are, how Anna Banks has created inhuman beings more human than anyone of us out there.
In my opinion, it was similar to the film Closer.
In my opinion, many people have been through something similar.
Gabriel of course is there specifically targeting her.
That's not saying that Aishlinn didn't put up a good resistance too Gabriel.
Are you out of your medication or is therapy school on break?!
Cullen is instantly attracted to Taige's exotic beauty and air of mystery.
A woman in speaking in a theater.
deleon speaking into a mic.
Overall, I'd say avoid this book.
This book was entertaining, and not what I expected at all.
Apollo 11 landed on the moon on July 20 , 1969 with astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin , while Michael Collins orbited above .
While he orbited the Moon , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin made the first manned landing on the lunar surface .
What happens first? Yellowstone blows or GOP prez candidate calls Trump racist?
slowly and oh so very slowly Flory decides to be a night fairy again.
The Night Fairy was a winner for me, and one I would reccommend for every school library.
A man sits behind a music stand playing the guitar while people perform in the background.
Colorfully dressed female dancers are performing on stage with a background of stars.
Not many books draw a reaction out of me like that and hers did.
Though it wasn't enough to make me stop reading the book.
The three colors red-white-blue stand for nation-religion-king , an unofficial motto of Thailand .
The flag used at the first official flying of the flag of Hawaii erroneously placed the stripes in the order white-red-blue .
That my friends is the line that is supposed to make us fall in love with Tiras.. Wtf.
On to the sexiness that is Tiras.
@tedcruz And, #HandOverTheServer she wiped clean + 30k deleted emails, explains dereliction of duty/lies re #Benghazi,etc #tcot
Nora crossed an area of abnormally warm water near the west coast of the Baja California Peninsula .
The Gulf of California is a body of water that separates the Baja California Peninsula from the Mexican mainland .
A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.
A man wearing a dark hat and brown jacket is standing and holding a newspaper.
The 500 miles hours we will know soon!
500 km / h is pretty fast.
@DeeHoer420 That's right. CNN = LOSER. Anyone who has met Trump knows he is a down to earth compassionate gentlemanman.
It hit Long Island , New York on September 23 , causing damage and destruction throughout New England .
During September 21 and September 22 , this hurricane hit the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico , causing heavy damage and loss of life .
Oceanic lithosphere is less dense than asthenosphere for a few tens of millions of years , but after this becomes increasingly denser than asthenosphere .
As it moves away from the ridge , the lithosphere becomes cooler and denser , and sediment gradually builds on top of it .
original review: I can't get over how good this book was!
Hopefully you enjoyed my review ~Lia
@Upworthy @HillaryClinton It should be illegal for an employer to discriminate against their workers. #EqualityForAll
The problem with this book was that the author was TOO GOOD at making Ian bad in the first book.
Ian Ranulf has been exiled from his werewolf clan for over seventy years, since he refused to fight his grandfather for the alpha position.
An old Asian man, with a blue shirt, sits with his cane.
Boy in Asian garb sits on his father's shoulders and looks alarmedly into the distance.
Do not use the typical flowers and candy.
The basis of this anthology is that the way to Bordertown has been lost for 13 years.
Some are destined to stay in Bordertown, and some merely need the magical to set them on their path.
It also says a lot about fate in the fact that Luc killing Corinthe actually ended up happening in the end.
Luc was a bit dry as a character for me.
When you bring up the 50 million black babies aborted in the past 30 years people get offended...
I deny your request, and I do so with surety and confidence.
I can succesfully say No you can't.
A dog chasing livestock on sand.
You should have respect for your mother.
Even if this is your own mother!
Idiot: how would you feel if your mom aborted you? Me: nothing cause I would be fucking dead.
Gets rid of a daughter and pretends she never existed. #ParentTrapPlot or
So many things about this book grabbed, and held, my attention.
I excitedly await the next book in the series .
Yeah, I've seen times like these before.
The song "Master of Puppets" for me too.
If 'tis not human beings in the womb, how do we harvest and transplant their organs onto human beings?
You know Donald Trump is in deep when most Neo-Conservatives call him out on his bullsh*t speech.
No Place Like Oz Dorothy is back in Kansas and she has basically an attitude from the very first page.
Everyone thought he return to the "Other Place" but how did he manage to return to Oz, when things are turning into ruins?
[_ IsDlgTextStyle] Installing the [ProductName] Setup system to install [ProductName].
To install Windows XP on this partition, Setup must reformat it.
.@GoldenTalon @johnmanko @CassandraRules On the contrary, I am happy she will win. I enjoy seeing Liberal cities burn GO
It is the fourth track on his My Way CD.
Stylistically, reading A Wizard of Earthsea is akin to reading a myth or fable, rather than a popular novel.
The entire population of the world lives on small islands that make up the Archipelago of Earthsea, and wizards are common, if revered, laborers.
You should check out Disney in the Anomalies Unlimited website.
@rodrickgibbons @ByronYork @geoffcaldwell Maybe if we make it a Toll Bridge, we may recoup some of the welfare payments! LOL
I feel like the 2016 Presidential race is @realDonaldTrump vs. Matropolis ie The Machine. Lets defeat the machine
In 1661 , Koxinga forced a landing at Luerhmen , Taiwan .
Admiral Koxinga called Taiwan Tungtu/Dongdu .
I can't wait for the next book in the series.
I also thought that the premise of the book was very interesting.
@VLActionFund @Reince The same #RNC LOSERS that thought Romney & Palin were good choices needs to be THANKFUL Trump came along
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
I thought I would love Lovecraft.
Randolph Carter represents the double of Lovecraft telling about his dreams.
A slug burned across the side of her neck.
A black and a yellow dog
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Liberals do not like that @realDonaldTrump is moving up in the polls. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheGreatWallofMexico
Before Tribal Council , Bruce drew the name `` Gitanos '' for their new tribe name , meaning `` Gypsies '' in Spanish .
They selected Kathy , who was not permitted to go to tribal council with her tribe .
There is a single man on a bike peddling very hard.
A muscular boy is in a gym and is using his hands to stand on balance beams.
Personally, I like them both.
Personally, you need to pick.
Since winter is over, Kate can do anything she pleases and decides to spend her six free months in Greece with James.
It turns out good for them in the end but Kate has learned things she wasn't sure about.
Two examples are "Meet the Barkers" and "Real World.
Rio Grande do Norte is dominated by its coastline .
On September 10 , a hurricane hit the mouth of the Rio Grande .
@Norsu2 secret Clinton docs? gee WHAT a surprise!
This most often includes China , Japan , Korea , and Vietnam .
Found from Assam in India , through northern Burma to Tibet , China and Vietnam .
Lindsey was eliminated because she had four previous votes against her .
Despite having received no votes in the entire game , he was eliminated due to chance .
No, perhaps you could be thinking of Robert De Niro?
It wasn't a v tracker team on the shuttle.
the shuttle was not in the team.
Zoo City is an urban fantasy book set in Johannesburg, South Africa.
I love the character of Zinzi December, the magically transformed Johannesburg and the pop culture reference.
In April 1946 , the Social Democratic Party of Germany and the Communist Party of Germany merged together to form the Socialist Unity Party .
Kellner helped to resurrect the Social Democratic Party in Laubach , and he became the regional party chairman .
Ask the radio or DJ.
A troupe of flamboyant clowns.
A bunch of travelers stand around.
Urdu and Punjabi are also minor languages .
Telugu and Urdu are the principal languages spoken in the city .
A large dog rubs its face in the grass.
A black dog bites a white dog on the grass.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
The way @realDonaldTrump is taking flak, he must be over the target.
why would a truck with water?
@umich Unjustified homicide should ALWAYS be illegal, including #ProlifeYouth
@readyforHRC @HillaryClinton #HillaryClinton, the US presidency is a testament to the success of #women their role in the world
It is named after the concert hall in which it is based , the Gewandhaus .
The first concert hall of the orchestra was destroyed in 1944 .
@realDonaldTrump the thing I like about Mr Trump is that if he shoots himself in the foot, he can buy another.
Set in 2043, Mitchell's interpretation is probably, in a lot of ways, close to the truth.
The Bone Clocks is a solid entry in David Mitchell's canon.
I think Chuck Wendig summed it up best when he said, "WAKE OF VULTURES doesn't just fly--it soars.
Wake of Vultures was an okay read.
i think of Boyz to Men when I close my eyes.
Cells with secondary cell walls are rigid .
Animals ' cells do not have cell walls .
Up until Alden showed up she truly believed she was crazy.
She's sure this is the course of her life until she visits her father's grave and meets Alden.
Lila is a dark horse to win the tournament, but she performs exceedingly well, and it's hers to lose.
Lila continues to grow as a character as well as a member of the Sinclair Family.
Fang, what happened to all the wonderful times you and Max had?
He acts all cold to Max and the Flock.
(moaning continues) Do you know what she's doing?
(groans continue) Vsh, what does it do?
Small dog catching a Frisbee.
Back to Maven, I still don't know how to judge him after so many descriptions of his.
King's Cage begins where Glass Sword left off: Mare's deal with Maven.
Exhibiting signs of a polished and mature writer readers will anxiously await future Bachmann tales
Okay, so I will admit first and foremost that The Peculiar by Stefan Bachmann is not my typical read.
@sinnfeinireland SinnFein voted to kill unborn sick children
if we can accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another?
CeeCee knows a little more about the mediator stuff, and like a true BFF, she doesn't push Suze for details when Suze needs a hand.
I feel like my love for Suze and Jesse and the original six books in the Mediator series have been forever sullied by this garbage.
A woman jumps a hurdle on a track.
Choose a component load balancing solution
Can't load the Guide Loader Plug-in Component.
I also really enjoy where she is going with these characters.
I really enjoy reading about my home town and the areas I have spent a lot of time in.
@mdsbarry ILLEGAL ALIENS come to US collect welfare and social security, its time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain SECURE OUR BORDERS
The more Big&Rich hates @realDonaldTrump The more Little&Poor follows him 3103K @HillaryClinton 3810K #Election2016 #Hillary2016
Fahd became King and Prime Minister in a smooth transition .
The head of government is the Prime Minister Patrick Manning .
It was to be included into the newly created Transcaucasian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic .
Soon , the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed , under the leadership of Aleksandr Myasnikyan .
He was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school 's top award for sporting and academic excellence , the Fortescue Medal .
In 2005 , he received the George Arents Pioneer Medal - Syracuse 's highest alumni award - `` for excellence in public affairs . ''
I honestly just wanted to read what Od and Tru were up to now over the past flashbacks.
I'm not sure if I loved her or Tru more.
You need to clarify the problems with her.
Obama: climate change or bush? Who to blame...? Hillary: right wing conspiracy in Baltimore. #BalitmoreRiots
Great day in Emmetsburg meeting with #HillaryClinton supporters and learning more about important issues in Palo Alto county
This book was very different than any other book I've ever read.
I chose to read it a different way.
I nominate Donald Trump for the new ambassador to Mexico. #Mexico #Tacos
five ballerinas dancing and jumping in the air at the same time.
Eight people jumping up at the same time in a wooded setting by a river.
crazy to think next up for the Oval Office is either going to be Hillary or a Republican
'Hillary-speak' campaign rhetoric is going to be the death of me. @jmarkwalk
Fann Wong's sister is significantly older than that.
It was against this background that the Mortgage Loan Scheme was introduced.
I just watched the film on DVD.
That heart, is the people around Darrow.
Some people have complained that Darrow is too perfect.
After their marriage in 1921 , Nadezhda and Osip Mandelstam lived in Ukraine , Petrograd , Moscow , and Georgia .
After the death of Stalin , Nadezhda Mandelstam completed her dissertation and was allowed to return to Moscow .
Technicians stood about the walls, hatani, tanunin and kosanin.
men-knights, mercenaries, and townspeople stood on the walls of Old Town.
Yep. RT: "Defunding PP won't mean fewer abortions. It will mean more dead women. #prochoice" #1in3
What happens when the Yukon pack comes for Bailey?
Govt cannot force you to get chemo but if you're a fetus, you must live! #JulieBorowski #reproductiverights
The prisoners sentenced to incarceration were transferred to Spandau Prison in 1947 .
Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito received 25 years .
I did enjoy learning more about Sookie's fae background in this book.
I hope there'll be more with him and the other Fae soon.
good insight on this kind of thing.
They are my kind of movie.
A girl in a blue school uniform climbs a tree and stops for a picture.
A man in plaid stops to take a picture while a man in blue looks off at something else.
A tan dog jumps and runs in a field.
The brown dog jumped the red obstacle.
The Left fear Donald Trump, BIG TIME! @realDonaldTrump
GOP candidate predictions? America decides to play the Trump card and go with the man with the plan.
I really enjoyed the story after Meridia and Daniel got together.
but I feel that after she marries Daniel, everything goes downhill.
Not when you are talking about this book.
For some people, it feels like falling.
It's official. Every single #GOP member is now a candidate for #POTUS. Who needs #leadership when you have a #soapbox?
All Americans have value to our society, it's called a vote. #LiberalLogic #InternationalJokeDay
I dont like her much and Fang is Max's.
If it takes away from her, then its cheating.
Ask her honestly before someone else takes her away.
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Ask the radio or the DJ!
The Saint Petersburg Metro is the underground railway system in Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
In 1958 the LPO appointed William Steinberg as chief conductor .
Then , in 1995 , he was appointed chief operating officer .
In 1975-1989 Ajemian edited the Spurk Journal , in 1979 he took part of the First Armenian Congress Organizing Committee .
Since 2000 , an organizing committee of congress of heirs of Western Armenians who survived the Armenian Genocide is active in diasporan communities .
Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.
A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.
a man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
A young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.
After winning the battle royal , he kissed Lilian Garcia .
Lilian Garcia performed `` America the Beautiful '' at the beginning of the event .
@HillaryClinton @BarackObama The whole #world is supporting you.
What a beautiful scene here and the man enjoys it by sitting on the bunch.
He has to avoid the lethal tusks at all costs.
at any cost, they have to avoid the deadly kites.
Five Asian friends posing together for a picture.
an Asian lady taking a picture while wearing glasses
I would stop talking to him.
The Throne of Glass series just got even better!!!
I loved the idea that he would be a better king.
Two lines of women in traditional clothing walk down the street.
Two Asian women wearing traditional head garb survey a garden.
in the event of a positive answer to the second question:
This book started out as a cute story about witches!
The book can stand on it's own.
By Magellan's Pass, by the tip of South America.
Is this your first visit to South America?
i like right side of the bed, but who doesnt?
Two of my favorites are The Crimson, and Right Side of the Bed.
Now that there's marriage equality, can we start working on equal rights for unborn children?
#Love does not delight in #evil, but #rejoices in the #truth ~1 Cor 3:6 #Loving requires always speaking truth #ProtestChildKilling
I'll sing for dinner every year.
You'll sing better that way.
I don't know Cynna well enough for this.
A black dog swims in the water.
I think that is what you will find in Flory if you give The Night Fairy a chance.
Suggest to: fans of fairy fiction, Rainbow Magic, Disney Tinkerbell and friends, patrons who want books by Newbery Medal winners or short chapter books
Hades and Persephone are each likable, decent characters.
It gives an interesting angle to the whole logic behind afterlife.
My expectations going into Afterlife were not high, but I figured I'd slog through it if necessary.
As a reader, I had never read anything like this.
The story had a creepy, Gothic feel to it - all dark and mysterious.
the sun was on the front bench.
And after it rains, the sun comes out.
The Accidental Vampire is just as fun as the others, and quite steamy too.
Also Elvi was a fun character with her single minded enthusiasm, neurotic charm and goofy vampire rules.
Rumors are sometimes true but sometimes they are not.
yea, it's true sometimes u lose something in love.
With lyrics by Henrik Lund and music composed by Jonathan Petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
The melody and lyrics were written by Saya Tin , and adopted as the Burmese national anthem in 1947 .
The Ultimate Ninja joined with the LNH after Cry .
The LNH began in 1992 in our world .
~Jacque and Jen ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ OK this is a long quote.
3)The incidents between Jen and Decibel are so cute.
Unfounded data/support for such drastic claims to be made against Mexico & all its ppl sorry guys I guess I rape & sell drugs
Gay Rights are Human Rights, and Human Rights are #GayRights - @HillaryClinton #HillaryForAmerica
Go to this web site and search for Hannah Montana.
Social psychology is the study of the relations between people and groups .
Landes is recognized by some as a pioneer in the study of race and gender relations .
I'm not sure if I'll read book two.
I liked it, and am eagerly waiting book #2.
I don't want Ryo to be a Barrons.
Barrons & Mac would be in the forefront of the Ice situation, even despite wanting to give Dani space.
It involves balls of some type?
Afterwards, fish for ping-pong balls!
In this one, Dragon Spear, I love Creel's dedication to her wonderful dress.
Dragon Spear is the last in the series.
indicate the method [8] of implementation.
Considering the fact that Bush was a president of this country, I don't see it a joke that Trump is running ! #Election2016
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government. - @realDonaldTrump
A woman is standing outside of a building talking on her cellphone.
British Rail 18100 was a prototype main line gas turbine-electric locomotive built for British Railways in 1951 by Metropolitan Vickers , Manchester .
Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive .
Today , it is recognized that these groups are not closely related to plants , and have a very different biology .
Higher plants and fungi do not produce flagellate cells , but the closely related green algae and chytrids do .
There are two main ones in this book, the rabbi who mentors the Golem and Yehudah Schaalman.
And so the Golem is born.
Hyde 's younger brother Dave replaced Brewis .
Her younger siblings are her younger brother Klaus and her baby sister Sunny .
Katt is the funniest to me!
One of the four POVs, Ember's POV is easy enough to differentiate from the three.
In this one Ember is clearly torn between Garrett and Riley.
Later this name was shortened to Frankfort .
The name was shortened to Protactinium in 1949 .
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
go to lyrics.com and type those words in by genre
They always cut out those words in songs.
Digger, while likable at first was someone I could take or leave.
Originally posted here: http://www.goodbooksandgoodwine.com/2... Digger was born under the thief's moon.
How could that letter find its way to the Office of Inspector General?
9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes
10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
I liked the hero and heroine, Hauk and Jolie.
So Hauk, the hero, is very, very, very scarred with burns.
Vampires, shifters, aliens ... tomato tomatoh.
Then we land here and again, I'm captured by aliens.
@HomunculusLoikm @SawyerAndrew @BryanBroome1 @jstines3 I don't think most women enjoy the experience.
Never during a pregnancy does a pregnant person's body cease being their own. Support bodily autonomy. Be
It is very very loosely based on the fairy tale.
It's very well written, giving you a vivid picture of the wildeness.
This story felt like a fairytale retelling even though it's original because the world is just so rich.
Even their bond, which I appreciated, felt superficial.
Three jockeys mounted on horses ride in race.
Three people are jogging together in a race.
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
Alien kidnaps reluctant resonant mate and she shows him what for.
Barbarian Alien is book two in the Ice Planet Barbarians by Ruby Dixon.
especially if he is shy and try's to hang out.
charmed cause its a larger group of chicks and their all hot lol
Decorations are generally colored red , white , and blue , the colors of the American flag .
The colors used range from light blue to red to a very controversial orange .
What is the difference between a baby and a onion? No one cries when you chop up the baby. Hahahahaha! Love dead babies! #Babies
Congrats to the @GOP for having @realDonaldTrump in first place amongst its 2016 candidates. #GOP2016 #Jeb2016 #walker2016
Five kids are standing in front of a tent.
People are out sitting in front of a garden.
Carolinska Medico Chirurgiska Institutet ' .
In 1968 this name was changed to ` Karolinska Institutet ' .
The first Governor was Sir Francis Mudie with Iftikhar Hussain Khan as the first Chief Minister .
The offices of Governor of West Punjab and Chief Minister of West Punjab lasted from August 15 , 1947 , until 14 October 1955 .
#KCA #VoteJKT48ID RfWheels3015: davidjones720 rratkinson Right I mean what the heck is an #ArabDonorGroup ?? #HillaryEmails #D...
L'Aquila is a city and comune in central Italy , both the capital city of the Abruzzo region and of the Province of L'Aquila .
The Financial Times , an important newspaper , wrote that L'Aquila is `` the most handsome city of Abruzzo '' .
Instead of dismissing the review , Bangalter and de Homem-Christo found it to be amusing .
De Homem-Christo and Bangalter only said : `` we believe that Human after all speaks for itself '' .
She went from my least favorite character to my favorite.
This is my favorite of the three, by far.
A woman listens to her music with headphones outside of a brick building in the city.
A class of students are seating on the lawn listening to music.
What a great 7 days to be an American, especially a Texan. #SCOTUS #LoveWins #Obamacare
#Prolife laws kill women. Real #feminists are #prochoice. Calling us #feminazi? Because of course you have no arguments. #fem2
Just nonchalantly ask her if she wants to hang out.
@explicit0ceans But adoption chooses to let them live. Obviously a huge difference. You can see that, right? #Adoption
You support #abortion? Never had an abortion? You'll still have to give account to your Creator for the taking of innocent life.
IF Trump could build the WALL it would provide jobs & also B a tourist attraction & pay 4 itself LEGALS arent the ones offended!
@realDonaldTrump we need you in office.. Keep doing what your doing. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just laid down the law on abortion in my bioethics class. #Catholic
A woman in a blue jacket walking outside.
A street vendor tending to bagels in food cart.
An old customer waits for his food from a vendor.
They walked away and started making fun of her.
how to get even with a cheater
It's taking me forever to finish this book!!!
I do have to say that Haven drove me crazy in this book.
@HlLLARY @ToniforAsm Hillary for Prez = Obama's third term and that's the last thing we need!!
@randyprine @fabiaceae They know they're going to lose to HRC so they keep trying!
I read this book with a huge group of other people and it was amazing!
I know loads of people complain about the footnotes, but I really enjoyed reading them, although I did skim through some of them.
A small child in winter attire sledding in some snow.
A man is watching a boat at sunset.
Had a very Grimm-fairytale-esque feel to the stories.
The last tale - The Tale of Three Brothers is very much a part of Harry Potter's main story.
Three puppies on a couch next to a bottle of milk.
Three people resting on a snowy mountain.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
Ember By Jessica Sorensen Ember knows that death is all around her.
I picked it up because I like Jessica Sorensen.
David `` Honeyboy '' Edwards is a Delta blues guitarist and singer from the American South .
Mask fetishism is a desire to see a subject wearing a mask or taking off a mask .
He seemingly falls through the ground into a room below , now wearing a mask .
I have never read that.
The opening of Hassocks Gate as the railway station in 1841 saw the beginning of the village that is known today .
The terminus was the first city railway station in Australia , and the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
I am 100% Team Steldor and my appreciation for him only grew after Allegiance with everything he went through.
He definitely made the book even more awesome for me.
Brown rats are often used as model organisms for scientific research .
Normally , scientific hypotheses have the form of a mathematical model .
Ned Vizzini weaves an imaginative and fantastical storyline, anchored by characters who are authentic, believable, and funny.
Many thanks to Ned for the ARC!
Rho just wants to have her cake and eat it too.
We get so involved with Rho in this book, her pain is our pain.
and the way he plays that harmonica.
And the gentleman who plays the bass
@FoxNews report shows U.S. State Department cannot locate 15 of Hillary Clinton's Private Emails. Not so fast, Hillary!
Folks, this is what happens when Liberals are in control! All hell breaks loose! Had enough yet?
He led Georgia Tech to two Southeastern Conference championships and one national championship in 1952 .
As a new coach , he led Georgia Tech to three SIAA titles and its second national championship in 1928 .
Only in a SEXIST AS FUK world would we question the "qualifications" of a former SECRETARY OF STATE.
@TheDemocrats @DNCWomen I'm down to help for 2016 election.
I have been a fan of Chuckie since book 1 when we hadn't even met him yet.
I will always be Team Martini, but Teams Reader, Chuckie and Christopher received mega points with this book.
I love Harry Potter and Hilary Duff movies.
A lot of people are at the beach on a sunny day.
The loyalty of Hakim was described in the report as `` the means , under God , of saving Murree . ''
Her name is the feminine of Gabriel , from the Hebrew , which means `` messenger of God '' .
The squash has been an essential crop in the Andes since the pre-Columbian Era .
The term Pre-Columbian cultures are cultures of the Americas in the era before significant European influence .
A man pours a drink for his customer.
A man with a beer closes his eyes to smile.
A native American woman wearing a colorful shirt works on a loom.
A man in a native American headdress is walking past a shoe store.
Everything is just rather intense, but beyond that, it is so well written - the descriptions, the characters, the plot and twists.
Her relationship with Clay sizzles (they are just so perfect together!).
the responsible enforcement authorities remain responsible for any sanctions or prosecution.
Moreover, enforcement of the rules would be simpler for the national authorities.
An kneeling woman is petting two puppies.
A woman kissing a little boy on the cheek.
Silver was strong, powerful, confident, and incredibly likable.
Despite what some of you might think of Silver, I actually liked her, too.
A young girl lying down wearing a light purple top strokes the face of a crying infant
A baby touches the man's face while he is lying down.
Sokoto is the modern day capital of Sokoto State .
The people in Sokoto are mostly Muslims .
A man holds his hands over his mouth in a swimming pool.
It was humorous but I feel that it didn't fit with the story at all.
I feel like this can be a horror movie 4/5 and that's it :)
That is low quality and off limits.
That sounds like a quality work of are.
Donald Trump: proof positive that Gigantism is the last stage before extinction. #MissUSA
@Reince @SharonDay @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @JebBush Wshgton Cartel, incompetent GOP leaders support losers like Romney, McCain!
a person with a blue shirt on laying down with a hat on there face.
I feel anger when Falcio does and love when he does.
As Falcio repeatedly mentions in the novel his name is pronounced Fal-Key-Oh.
At the immediate start of 1999 , Gackt left Malice Mizer .
Malice Mizer released two albums with Gackt along with seven singles .
So @ClintonFdn, I believe Andrew Fastow beat you to the "we made mistakes, as many organizations of our size do" excuse
It hurts my 2 C ppl more offended over a flag/symbol than deaths/abortions of millions of innocent children! #flag #Mississippi
I want sass, I want wit, I want Olivia and Gabriel to become FRIENDS.
Gabriel on the other hand, boy is he a tough nut!
No, she looks like Dolly Parton now.
England does not have a separate railway system .
The land and infrastructure is owned by a separate company , Epping Ongar Railway Ltd.
Microsoft 's Professional Developers Conference is a conference for software developers , normally Windows developers .
Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft .
If I had one small complaint it would be that I wish Charley was more invested in being the grim reaper.
Plus it's got an awesome grim reaper story!
kiss her neck and ear and whisper words to her.
The northern part of Hong Kong Island together with Kowloon forms the core urban area of Hong Kong .
Gateshead town center and Newcastle city center are very close to one another , and together they form the urban core of Tyneside .
he got shot in the back,
After all, his mother was shot.
An older woman wearing a hat and pink shirt enjoys a cigarette.
An old couple having a good time by walking on the streets.
Thalia was a strong and capable heroine who remained realistic.
There are many sigh-worthy scenes between Gabriel and Thalia.
A woman in a purple shirt carries three full shopping bags.
A group of various people stand outside of a store called "Central Market.
@WhiteHouse @BarackObama @HillaryforIA @BarackObama The whole #world is supporting you.
@HillaryClinton Hillary pandering with her logo. #ClintonFoundationscandal #ClintonCash
we've worked with my partner on a case.
I worked with the designer a little.
2037 will be a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
At least for me it wasn't.
It honestly wasn't enough of his thoughts.
and stay home for a little time to myself.
A kit looking at large artwork displayed outside a business building.
Horrific artwork displayed at the local hipster bar.
People dancing together in a crowd.
A young child is covered in straw except for the head and left arm.
Donald Trump is Biff in the alternate universe 1985 in Back to the Future 2. #biff #BackToTheFuture
@TMZ trump a guy born with a silver spoon up his ass who has never done a hard days work in his life #DumpTrump #YoureFired
When Dani goes to Ryodan for help, as he's been telling her to do all along, Ryodan REFUSES to help her get it back.
I love Dani, and I loved the action.
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water.
Well Michael I think you will be writing books for the next 10 years for Royce and Hadrian journeys.
I enjoy Saiyuki and Samurai X (Rurouni Kenshin).
Madam President Clinton; you have all the gays vote. #jarrid
Shiina Ringo '' released on February 3 .
Ringo Shiina is a Japanese singer and guitarist .
name anything that belongs to me.
the Colombian military base Batallon Kartagena.
even on a military base, they have less.
A woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by.
A boy wearing a yellow jacket is pouring something from a red pot into a orange tube while other children look on.
There is nothing negative about that action.
After over one hundred pages the only thing I knew for sure that the book was leading to was the developing romance.
I kind of liked this book.
Two girls playing on the beach.
A young boy rides a scooter by the beach.
@gerfingerpoken Please RT the #ImpeachObama art at the top of this thread, pinned on my page.
The budget of the movie was only $ 24 million .
It has a population of about 24 million as of 2004 .
WORLDWIDE R.E. Agents! - Support a ProLife Group (U-choose) at NoCost ProLifeRealEstate@Yahoo.com
Left-wing media trying to silence @realDonaldTrump? HAHAHA Keep trying! Trump is NOT a career politician & he won't be bought!
actually on occasion he did exit stage right.
This was something that actually worked for me on one occasion.
Jeannie Longo is a French racing cyclist , multiple French and world champion .
Alberto Ascari was an Italian racing driver and twice Formula One World Champion .
theres other things to worry about
The DVD is nothing to worry about.
Perhaps he's in love with her, since her death
For the record, as a #Latino, (#Peruvian to be specific), let me state the obvious: #FuckTrump
If men could get pregnant, abortion clinics would be like Starbucks
#SCOTUS decision on homosex'lity-based "marriage" carries as much moral authority as its past decision on Roe v. Wade: #Anti-Truth
I chose this book at the school book fair because I loved Beastly so much.
This a very fun and light read book, from Alex Flinn.
Warmly clothed woman standing next to a taped up broken window.
A man is repairing a broken window frame.
He is so well done, his humor is Grade A, and his convictions are genuine and at times heartbreaking.
All of these are things that can be expected from the typical Riordan storyline.
Young lady on a ferry takes a photo of the water with her phone.
In this photo, a woman is on the phone smiling.
Busy Asian mall with paper lanterns and shoppers.
An old Asian woman looks from behind a blue doorway.
#AskBobby Do you think #HillaryClinton has turned over all of those emails on her private server she destroyed!
What kind of style is that?
I think it's funny people think Bernie can take on Hillary and Bill
Another #Hillary supporter committed to caucus tonight! One more step on the way to winning the Iowa caucus.
The disposable heros of hiphoprisy sings.
I liked how we got to see a origin story to the sea witch's character.
Little Mermaid retelling with a twist, and I mean Hans Christian Andersen's mermaid so you can see where this is going.
A man and woman walking with three dogs and a man in a yellow jacket in the background.
Three people are on a small boat, with another boat visible in the distance.
Two women sitting on the porch in front of a very colorful stand.
Two women in black skirts are standing on green grass.
Some funny moments and some 'no don't trust him Zoey!'
When I got over that, I started to read and then Zoey mentioned she was marked only 2 months ago!
Their phone number and email address should be posted on their website.
Waiting men listening to another man playing a harpsichord
Jill is similar to Dante, but I like her more so far.
A fast-paced, action-packed novel following Jill Kismet, a hunter of the preternatural creatures from the nightside.
I never win stuff like that.
The sun dipped below the western ridges.
I have aimed higher than this '' .
This gives a finer texture to higher grades .
Young male walking past a construction worker.
those are not the words in the men at work song.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS All children except the millions that have been aborted #everylifematters
her golden brown eyes, however, caught her eye.
Movement among the rocks had caught the sergeant's eye.
We went from having sex ten times a week, to zero.
the Court of Justice has already ruled out the claim of the damage suffered by the infringement of antitrust law.
First Secretary (EU law, Court of Justice, internal market, competition)
Is a Eric Holder making 7 figures in the financial industry he protected from prosecution, yet? Why do Libs love 1%ers?
It's great that @JebBush supports GMO crops. It's like the IT scepticism all over again. Science vs belief. #JebBush
Guess that's not that important, but it sure helped out Suzume all the time.
Yes, Suzume is flawed but she is relateable and you root for her.
I was surprised at how much I liked this book and looking forward to reading the next.
Okay, the only other vampire books I've read is the Twilight series and this book was very different.
Honestly, any blonde like that would probably do.
frankly, she would be a blonde girl.
Lighting that WH was so in your face to half of America, no class and so disrespectful.. #CashinIn
@crazygranny56 More #blacks killed by abortion than during #slavery #ConfederateFlag
Plenty of stem cells without baby smashing, by the way.
Just like how he knew Mara.
The Evolution of Mara Dyer is the second book of the Mara Dyer Trilogy.
@realDonaldTrump comments about Mexicans where he said "somebody's doing the raping" Why do bigoted WM claim to be crime free?
Even though it wasn't a lot, I loved the scenes the pair had together.
I love these characters, all of them, even the "bad" ones.
As we know a war has begun in the previous book and in this book, few years has passed.
The years of hurt feelings blow up at their first meeting almost destroying the alliance before it can get started.
A tan dog wearing a red shirt runs through the grass.
A man in a brown shirt is balancing on one hand in a grassy field.
Combination with epoprostenol The combination of bosentan and epoprostenol has been investigated in two studies: AC-052-355 (BREATHE-2) and AC-052-356 (BREATHE-3).
in vitro data showed that bosentan had no relevant inhibitory effects on CYP isoenzymes (CYP1A2, 2A6, 2B6, 2C8, 2C9, 2C9, 2D6, 2E1, 3A4).
Julia doesn't remember what happened in the accident.
He's got a connection to Julia as well.
Headed to Chester, SC for a big hillary canvass! Join me. Wylie park 11-3
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
@GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Don't apologize for the truth. People are too sensitive. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
He is also devious, extremely good-looking, and very, very powerful with a great sense of humor and irony.
One shining example: "I'll help," he said, helpfully.
offer yourself to him for free.
You cannot download for free.
Instructors and students of francombat wear red and green respectively .
Francombat is practiced especially in the south of France .
by the way, something weird happened.
I'm sure I will end up reading them all so I can find out what happens.
~While I can see how this might be an issue in other books, it works well here.
I can offer no assistance.
Johnny Depp is dressed up like a pirate.
She is stuck with Tom Cruise and a brain washed mother.
The remark barely regesters to Charley.
I like the way that Charley is the Grim Reaper and she's in love with the Son of Satan.
That is similar to the R Kelly situation with the young girls.
by looking at his youth, the crowd cheered.
Making the Youth Guarantee a reality
Sometimes he does go a week without doing it.
He seems to know something that we're not privy to and, at first, I wasn't quite sure if I should trust him with Julia.
Julia is broken in the beginning of this book.
Rating: 4.5 Stars Threats of Sky and Sea is a strong fantasy story.
You may be happy to learn that there is no insta-love or a love triangle in Threats of Sky and Sea.
A woman sticking her tongue out while be photographed.
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man.
A gut wearing a plaid shirt with a mustache selling fish at a market.
They tell alot about a person.
I like alot of different types.
It takes place in a fictional private charity hospital .
The game takes place on the fictional eponymous planet , Notrium .
Helicopter crash is on his way to a concern in St. Louis Mo.
You would have to go to East St. Louis in Illinois for that.
A man is mowing grass.
A man is busting concrete.
The story is developing well, and the characters are starting to take on a life of their own.
Geder is taking individually sensible steps that are heading towards stalinesque style pogroms and it is very believable.
If you understand my meaning.
Donald Trump inhaled so much air spray & started to believe he is the title holder for the United States.
Well, someone's doing the raping. I get combed and gooped up so much, Donald's the one doing the raping. He never understands.
it is rarely treated as flagrant cases such as this one.
I've treated thousands of cases, and I've not lost a single patient.
It had me screaming with excitement I would recommend this book for anyone that loves science and action.
This book also feels very rushed in the beginning, and even though I like a fast pace, this is too much.
A blond women wears a jacket with an eye on it.
a woman in a yellow jacket following two other women.
Luxembourg is divided into 3 districts , which are further divided into 12 cantons and then 116 communes .
The departments are further divided into 41 arrondissements , and 133 communes which serve as second - and third-level administrative divisions .
Two people work with garden tools in a rocky landscape.
A white dog is walking through a river that runs through a rocky landscape.
A girl sitting in the back of a cart full of various belongings.
A woman trying on her wedding dress with the help of two other women.
A man, seated, serves food to a little girl.
Fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city.
Alyson Noel made him seem older and wiser, but to the point of boring.
Maybe a darker side of Ever will emerge in later books and we might get to see some more of him (wink wink, nudge nudge)!
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
They feel as if they want to have those kinds of things.
You have some problems, sir.
This category groups articles on topics relating to the Grand Theft Auto series of computer and video games .
This category lists articles relating to transport by tram , street-running light-rail or similar systems in the United Kingdom .
The eggs are a brownish color .
Another name for this color is mallow .
Can the pretense turn into something real?
Pretending to be mated turns real.
My advice is to stop looking.
I will warn you that disc jockey equipment is expensive.
Nathaniel Hawthorne was an American novelist and short story writer .
Maria Edgeworth was an Anglo-Irish novelist and children 's writer .
People are gathered on a city street with police vehicles arriving.
Man in black helmet drives all terrain drives all terrain vehicle.
And that joe cocker song comes on?
Go over the song selection with Bob.
But it was good to see what it would have been like if Edward had been a girl and Bella a boy.
At least Bella and Edward sit nicely together.
Although not for everyone, it is interesting.
@NBC to #Trump: "HOW DARE YOU POINT OUT THAT OBAMA CAUSES 1000 GIRLS TO BE RAPED EVERY MONTH CROSSING INTO USA!" #ccot #tcot
,@realDonaldTrump trumps presidential dreams r about as real as KimJonguns unicorns.
A man is selling items.
A man is cleaning the house.
Gorgeous illustrations are quite reminiscent of the wonderful animated movie.
5 stars for a gorgeous production.
Hillary Clinton has not driven a car since 1996. #clintonfakerealityshow
Let's make Secretary Clinton, President Clinton - @AGMarkHerring @vademocrats
A woman admires her reflection in a display window.
The little boy crawls around next to the large glass windows.
RT @muradguderian: Democrats are Red, Obama is a Communist, I'm a true Patriot, So stop Hillary. #tcot
Paige is the funniest to me.
No, House is shot during the finale.
Uptight Lance enjoyed letting go and letting Tim take care of him!
However the humor and the dogs and Tim made this a SOLID read.
Kids running in the field.
Baby crawling inside a toy.
If #BlackLivesMatter why not black babies in the womb? Somehow their lives don't matter.... puzzled with that one. #catholic
A man is smelling two pizzas.
A woman is feeding a man.
The only Intelligent Choice for USA is Hillary Clinton....You can not afford to stay HOME ...you must VOTE and VOTE #UniteBlue
What if he gets mad and wants nothing to do with you?
When you talk about other girls, she gets mad.
Hillary claims to be a "champion" of the middle class, but @RandPaul tax plan cuts the FICA tax, benefiting the middle class.
@HillaryClinton will be the nominee for the Democratic Party. Period. And she's gonna win the Presidency too. #SorryBernie
I will be continuing on with this series just so I can have closure.
It would be more accurate to say that I saw potential, and was curious to see whether book two would deliver on it.
Sonic employees talking about work.
Two adults talking after class.
Ample parking day or night, people spouting, Howdy neighbor!
That night, I do not think we left the parking lot.
At the war 's conclusion , Poland 's borders were shifted westwards , pushing the eastern border to the Curzon Line .
The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river , Jamuna , lies across the eastern border .
It's similar to the end of Prisoner of Azkaban.
the server is a SOCKSv5 proxy server.
caching proxy server for Debian archive files
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.
A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.
In the visible spectrum , Ananke appears neutral to light-red .
You can `` quote '' categories by adding a colon before `` Category '' , like this : .
This category is for categories that group articles by geographical location .
Two women, one with a camera, reach out and touch a mirrored ball.
A tall blond women wearing stockings walking away from the camera.
I am still wondering who Erec Rex is?
The crazy contests Erec and Bethany faced were imaginative and compelling.
The other kids are tough, and Perry gets into a fight.
So, the entire time, as I was reading THE OTHER NORMALS, I kept thinking about Perry from UNDER THE NEVER SKY by Veronica Rossi.
And you like the way the french doors open out to the deck?
Because the doors open to constituents in an hour.
She was towed to Buenos Aires , Argentina and then to Kristiansand , Norway for repairs .
Mar del Plata is the most popular destination for conventions in Argentina after Buenos Aires .
Chambers style is flowery and poetic throughout but his "horror" stories are much stronger than the romance stories in this collection.
(Personal footnote: I love this book so much, I once wrote a story for an anthology based on THE KING IN YELLOW.
I am happy with any song by Fall Out Boy or Hawthorne Heights.
The Tala are basically the fae.
My money goes on us girls.
I have nothing really good to say about it, nor bad.
Like I said: too good to be true.
it sounds like that song that sings what's up pus*y cat?
This common military experience spawned a personal friendship between Robinson and Louis .
Robinson 's continued success spawned a string of death threats .
Keep reading his bio at my source
try reading the lyrics to the song
A child in school, holding a ball as she points a the frisbee.
Child holds up a picture of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad while men converse behind him.
Since #SNL ain't that funny anymore please @JoeBiden run for president.. if even just for the hilarious debates between you &
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a yellow rope.
A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide.
I am honestly wondering what the symbol would be for.
I am also wondering about that. Honestly, the outlook is not good.
Bernie or Hillary? Prefer Bernie but Hillary fine. Either way, Dems gotta stand together in 2016. #FeeltheBern
A woman running into surf.
A man kayaking through rapids.
New Delhi is the capital of India .
Crime is present in various forms in India .
I like many entries in the 2016 Presidential race; but no one is more accomplished than Donald Trump. His cabinet will be full.
You should use google or another search engine.
She made him work for it.
I had more sympathy for him than Adrienne, which was refreshing.
In addition, we are on a fairly restrictive budget!
In addition, Lorelai is fairly sufficient to experience visually.
So I'm glad I waited this long to read it because it means I'll have less time to wait for the next one.
I read the best, bloodiest parts while sitting in a salon and getting a pedicure.
Many ideas in this had a great creative start.
She doesn't do to many stupid things in this book.
Samuel Timothy `` Tim '' McGraw is an American country singer and actor .
Dolores Hope is a singer , philanthropist and the widow of actor Bob Hope .
or take it to a repair shop
Miss USA host De la Fuente quits pageant and call @realDonaldTrump ignorant and a clown...
@realDonaldTrump keep it up Trump we love you #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #BoycottMacys #boycottnbc
Donald Trump needs to stop embarrassing himself. Racist assholes....
Hey hypocrites @Macys since u pull @realDonaldTrump merchandise from stores why dont u pull #racist #JAYZ CRAP #2FACEDLIBERALS
I like the fact that Henry broke his own rule just to see Kate smile.
I absolutely loved this fiery and willful Kate, and, gosh, I want to see much more of her in the third book!
A man in yellow looks to be DJing for Smirnoff at a party.
A young male child in a yellow shirt being fed a banana.
I really enjoy Shusterman's take on the afterlife, and how he slyly explains all sorts of phenomenon using the scaffolding of the Everlost.
He just possesses raw talent and an amazing imagination.
Her fingers could fall off. Her toes could fall off.
Charley's dad is also up to something, but Charley doesn't know what, though it appears he's leaving Charley's step-mom.
The Charley Davidson awesome brand of craziness continues.
Heart Of Stone is book one in the Gargoyles series by Christine Warren.
But, as it stands, book one did not win me over enough to continue on with the series.
Grief-stricken by his father 's rejection , Idamante runs off .
Idamante does not understand why his father is saying this .
A man is riding a horse.
A man is driving a car.
This fisherman is mending his nets.
A man on a ladder repairs the roof of a building.
Tove was impressive and a force to be reckoned with, but cast aside by the author and the main character for reasons unknown.
She stands her ground and will not be swayed.
This was slightly better than the horror that was Blue Moon, however it still didn't reach the heights of the first in the series.
its not the best becuase i picked up on it immediately, totally giving away the ending, but still.
@Montel_Williams , ex 2bit talk show host, talking shit about @realDonaldTrump . Fuck off montel!! @cnn.
Construction man paving large concrete steps.
A man and woman assemble a metal structure.
Cafe Express" sign covered in graffiti.
A young skateboarder rolls down a graffiti-covered ramp.
Does anyone know how to put pictures on an Ipod Nano?
Like, listen, Jesse's been around Suze waaay to long to be as old-fashioned as he was.
Is Suze wearing boots that I would die for?
An elderly musician sits, contemplates, listens and waits.
A woman waits in the shade while an older, seated man stares at her from behind.
Black dog prancing through the river.
A girl splashing in a wave at the beach.
I feel confident that @HillaryClinton will win in 2016.
@chicagotribune #ayyylmao do #Democrats & other #liberals realize no one wants #HillaryClinton which is #Obamanation 2.0?
I think I had to come to grips with the fact that Chris Paolini is essentially a different author from his first book, Eragon.
I was bored during this book.
ask your mother for forgiveness.
Leaving behind a huge debt for my mother.
And for the record I'm team Will ^-^
I am team Jem all day, every day.
It is one of those books that give you hope that not all is bad.
If you have seen the movie Blade 2, I would not suggest reading this book.
@TIMENOUT @TIB2016 @AlanColmes is a prime example of a #LobotomizedLiberal.
@HillaryClinton had more twitter followers then all four major Republican candidates (Bush, Rubio, Paul, Cruz) COMBINED.
@foxnation That should have been done BEFORE she got rid of it!!! #NoHillary2016
Check out Deep Impact, on the internet.
The Bangles Hazy shade of Winter.
You are on budget for the winter.
secondly, eliminating the threat from the Ousters.
- Terrorism remains a threat to the Union.
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods.
A fit young man is repelling up a mountain wall in a forested area.
@TPM @realDonaldTrump this is what happens when you open your big mouth. You're out of luck for 2016 at this rate. #Univision
I love how everyone thinks canceling @realDonaldTrump's ventures will do anything but hurt themselves. This man has my vote!
Three girls in blue, one doing a handstand and the splits on a basketball court with people in the background.
A young woman is doing push ups in front of three members of the armed forces at a conference event.
Process with PID %1!u! was forcibly terminated.
the password for% 1! U! Has been completed.
There's no way to urge people to this buy this book unless they haven't seen the film.
This gave me this same chills down my spine and yet I would return to my bed and curl up to read this book!
Dan drew first and shot.
(1 star) Ghost Trap by Rick Hauta - This was a perfect zombie story.
The Zombie Who Fell From the Sky - M.B.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
This book is one of the most hilarious books I have ever read!
The style seemed different somehow than the previous books and I wasn't engaged by the story or characters.
In 1965 , a colony was discovered near Marysville , in the Upper Yarra Valley .
The city of Yakima is located in the Upper Valley of Yakima County .
Rise & Shine its a new day & you're alive. Thank God 4 another day of precious life. #Christian #Catholic #TeamJesus
He went on to win the trophy the next two seasons as well .
He lost to Shinjiro Otani in the match , but WCW went on to win the series .
@Molls30 @HillaryClinton I love it! One of our biggest donors is Saudi Arabia. They support women's rights completely! #GoTeam
@GovChristie can't even run NJ and wants to be president? I'd vote for him before @HillaryClinton
You can start by taking a trip, a long trip.
Have thought of taking a short trip to the cottage.
A woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand.
A brown dog plays in the sand near a man in a green cap.
Thank to Yahoo Music for the two points.
You should find another one, for at least five years.
I bet I found him at least five times.
RT @spicysandwich: Say it again for me one time! Anti-abortion laws only lead to unsafe, illegal abortions!
#HillaryDebateQuestion So you profess admiration for #MargaretSanger who wanted to rid the country of "negros". Explain please?
Night, sleep tight, don't let Hillary bite. says @Tony_Tickets "Nightmares" is all I say.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A man in a gray shirt is walking next to a concrete wall.
Both Democrats and #IslamicState murder by dismemberment. The only difference is the age of their victims. #ISIS
He doesn't give up on her after ALL the things she does that jeopardizes them.
From cutting Jude to prove if he was a rogue(which he wasn't), to keeping secrets from Damen so he doesn't lose his patience with her.
Perhaps a bit of Sage advice is in order, but I'll leave that to Jaron!
Jaron Sage learns a lot in this book, actually--especially how to see other people's feelings, and how to better share his own.
If you want #Equality then let ALL the babies live!!
@ghhshirley Charged with Manslaughter After Another Woman Dies From
I think this one was better than the first one, but it could be that I was more used to the world that Kevin created.
It's wet my appetite for the next one.
A man walking down the pier scratching his back with a boat sailing in the background as the sun sets over the water.
A huge cruise liner covers the horizon from a beach with beautiful clear water.
Hillary has lied, deleted Benghazi emails, and betrayed the trust of Americans scandal after scandal.
If you're not watching @HillaryClinton's speech right now you're missing her drop tons of wisdom.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Two young men wrestling each other in the middle of a field.
Two hockey players from different teams chase the puck in the middle of a match.
Double-click on a name in the Contacts area to quickly start a new e-mail message.
When you heard this message, quickly give me a call.
All of these are very significant reasons to read this series, but I have to be honest.
He can hardly communicate with someone, so the way he slowly changes for Amaranthe is fascinating to read.
Legalized tweeting-instead-of-procreating discriminates against the unconceived child. #worstargumentever #lolanti
The pictures were again amazing, and really added something to the story.
Also the first movie is amazing
Mature content will appeal to most people who loves this NA genre but it is not my cup of tea.
Maybe it was the sex that grounded me, who knows but geez I am ready for the second one.
We all are sinners, but what right do humans have to kill another human being? Is that what God wanted us to do? #SCL #thoughts
Can we get a law for the little ones who can't even speak for themselves? #ProLifeYouth #EVERYLIFEMATTERS #gay #straight #baby
A street vendor sells popcorn in a mall.
A vendor with a blue shirt is selling bananas.
Piedmont Airlines was the launch customer with an order for 25 aircraft in 1986 .
The final aircraft was delivered to Shanghai Airlines on November 28 , 2005 .
He has been a staff writer for The New Yorker since 1996 .
Cahn became story editor and Josh Singer replaced her as staff writer .
Cameraman scoping out camera angles.
@realDonaldTrump Just want to say thank you for not pandering to the pc police! #richforareason #nofear
A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot.
Five men pose for a picture while holding one of their friends.
People walk outside of a building that has many murals painted on it.
A man is sitting on the edge of a parking lot that has graffiti on it.
the Enterprise continued to fly as a derelict wreck, its entire crew being hijacked!
If there is trouble, I'll scrap the entire enterprise.
Someones getting their nails painted red.
Small girl getting her face painted.
#Florida AttorneyGeneralBondi files appeal after Judge grants ACLU request to temporarily halt new law requiring 24hr wait before
The hospital corridors were like a maze.
The brothers and their friends then began to work for other independent companies .
During their tenure , the Weinstein brothers ran Miramax independently of other Disney companies .
Ahead, the armored doors were open to the harbor.
Click Five is a way better group than Fall Out Boy!
He needs to be reprimanded.
Diamonds sold through this process are known as conflict diamonds or blood diamonds .
Sometimes people find diamonds on the top of the ground .
The Democrats just gave the most chilling reply when asked if they support aborting 7-pound babies
The singer Ushe, of coarse is hot, can dance and sings the best.r
It is so much fun having younger friends who are expecting babies. #beentheredonethat #chooselife
If it isn't a #human life then why does @PPFA have a problem with us?youth #itisahumanlife
The station opened on 20 December 2005 along with the exhibition center .
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961 .
Janovan remains Janovan and Florence remains a Florentine.
they'll be on the Florentine border before Florence wakes up.
Five students are reading off a piece of paper.
A woman in snowshoes looks at a piece of paper.
cant wait for the next book!
I didn't enjoy this book that much.
Two children swimming in green water.
If Doctors used guns to perform abortions, would liberals then be opposed? #2A #liberallogic
What about the equal rights of unborn humans in which about 1% could grow up to be LGBT? @SCOTUS #LoveWins
A brown dog runs with a toy in his mouth through long green grass.
a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick.
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee.
A skater leaps through the air near a railing
As a huge Legend of Zelda fan, I had to grab a copy of this for myself one day.
How much of a fan am I, really?
Ahhh Roman, how I loved him!
Roman is injured in the line of duty and adopted during his recuperation by an unknowing Matt.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A dog rolls on the ground.
@realDonaldTrump is the only honest voice of the @GOP and that should scare the shit out of everyone!
(a) outlays on infrastructure; (b) outlays on research and development;
Function: AEOI Vice President for Research & Development.
But what really catches you is the romantic gestures from Slade or any other new species.
While on her way to a new compound, with Slade they are attacked and end up on the run to stay alive.
Control system of alarm handling and failure analyses
Many instances of control failure were identified by the Court.
My little sister loves that movie.
Then he is not omnipotent.
Then he is malevolent.
@TheReadClub He who wears the shoes knows where it hurts but I'm Pro-life. #TheReadClub
A woman who deliberately destroys a fetus is answerable for murder.-St. Basil the Great
The term cordillera comes from the Spanish word meaning ` rope ' .
A rugby player passes off the ball when approaching a defender.
And this time he can't deny his desire for Leo Chapel.
Alasdair is sexy as sin and Leo is handsome and smart.
It's Latin, for truth and justice.
@HillaryClinton You can run but you ca't hide. #ClintonFoundationscandal #ClintonCash #emailgate
Despite today's ruling, our struggle to end LGBT discrimination is also far from finished - @HillaryClinton #VirginiaJJ
#HillaryClinton has yet to release @ClintonFdn donors... Public deserves disclosure. #Scandals #lies #Clintons
So you're used to the @AP calling for your approval before running a story @davidaxelrod? #LikeHillary #HillaryEmails
Vanyel feels older than he is and now instead of being on the front lines he is trapped in duties of court.
He was such a foikl to Vanyel.
I made a huge mistake letting you go.
by the way, that's a huge mistake on fake blood.
In 1928 , he was ranked a professor at the Pedagogical Institute .
He is an Institute Professor and professor emeritus of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
I'm one of those girls that hates it when relationship problems dominate a book.
I'm glad that I was curious because I really enjoyed this book.
It reawakened my sense of wonder, a large part of why I read speculative fiction.
Bridge of Birds has an controling quest, but it is told in three parts, each part forming part of the quest.
Instead, this is a world in which mice have fostered a civilization, have made strides in both industry and academia.
Mice must stand strong against the dark and old heroes rise to help battle evil once more.
Sooner or later they believed that I should come back to my rooms.
You might wanna make friends with him sooner than later.
A man in a blue tank top doing pastel artwork on the sidewalk.
A young woman in a green tank top walking her dog down a dirt road.
*snorts* Not from where I'm standing.
xP Which is fine and all, but I'm not really sure if it works for this story's pacing.
well really it was funny, and interesting.
Probably because it's not funny or interesting.
OMG was not expecting that twist but you know it was coming somewhere.
Plot (other than the twist): Jacob and his friends have left the island of Cairnholm on their boats and are being chased by the wights.
As Violet and the other Grigori struggle to stay one step ahead of Phoenix, Violet is plagued with doubt.
There were some fabulous moments left me sighing, that made up for some of the other not so stellar scenes between Lincoln and Violet.
Are you--are you going to tell every one?
will you say it now -- all of you?
@realDonaldTrump You're FIRED! Now get out of here! Go!
A man is spinning in the air above a pool in front of an empty stadium.
A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.
@petefrt this is how GOP needs to be handling campaign not attacking each other but showing all hillary fails. #uniteright
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn.
A man rakes the dirt while a woman follows behind.
A male and female watching something interesting.
A female fire dancer spinning flames.
Like the are God, or something.
Give the trouble to God.
This was my first Neil Gaiman and Chris Riddell work.
Gaiman and sleep... together again <3
A tan man working on a sand castle on the beach.
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background.
my girl doesn't play the movie star.
its on the left side bw
A man hanging over the side of a building in a rappelling harness doing repairs.
There are tall windows and small windows that make up the majority of the building.
This play is horrifically, hilariously bad.
I would love to see the play.
But Chris could not speak yet.
You mean to speak to that thing?
An asian girl with a finger up her nose.
An Asian family sight seeing at the aquarium.
@UberFacts because a good percent utilized that wonderful gift of choice (#proChoice).
One woman playing an oboe behind a woman playing a violin and eyeing sheet music.
A small group of people outside a building standing around listening to a saxophone player.
He leaves the circle, and for two years lives in the human world like he belongs there.
Since this is a YA book I didn't expect erotic scenes, but I really enjoyed the scenes of teasing between the two.
Law enforcement that is riding in a large tactical for truck in an urban area.
A team of rescuers wearing reflective vests descend a staircase carrying orange life preservers.
it's hard to judge the closest.
A female, to judge by the clothing.
I can win the lottery.
An African woman with piercings, lots of necklaces and corn on her head.
A woman in a white coat and gold bracelet looks at a sheaf of papers.
the clothes, the shoes and everything.
Slap the clothes against a rock?
A man snowboarding in the mountains.
A person hanging off of a cliff.
There are also regular scheduled ferry services to Labuan .
Wantage is connected to Oxford , Didcot , Abingdon and Faringdon by regular bus services .
I am avid fans of talk show hosts Dr. Phil and Oprah.
It is Dr. Phil due to his excessive weight and ability to sit on Oprah.
Though many of the hunters are men, the party is led by a woman: always a woman.
LGBT books are so wonderful to read and this was no exception.
A man walking across a patch of grass in the middle of a street.
a young man looks at a book on the ground in a wooded area.
A small girl in a toddler swing
A toddler in heavy clothing sitting in the snow.
Lala is my ex girlfriend.
Everybody agrees you're in real trouble, Charles.
A girl's in trouble, and everybody suspects the ex-boyfriend.
#BENGHAZI WAIT DID I SAY "THANK GOD?" VOTERS? SRY!! MT!! I MEANT "THANK GOODNESS!" NO OFFENSE INTENDED! ##tcot
It varies from place to place.
That is a good place to start.
I'm pitchingthis at Fox in half an hour.
Which means what, half an hour?
Bleeding to death after brutal mugging on the campus of UNLV, Twenty-five year old Alyssa, is rescued by the cold and aloof, vampire, Lysander.
Alyssa doesn't take so good to being transformed.. lol total spoiled brat to be honest.
If you like lyrics, google search www.lyrics.com, they have a lot of lyrics on that site.
kids,computer,playstation and tv comes first,whats left I get
The truck turns and runs for the exit.
A lighter read than some in the series.
If you read the part where she confessed her biography, then her accepting Christian shouldn't be so hard to accept.
Normalize relations with ISIS for our economy, @ericbolling would you do it? there is a line what we should do for money.
@JVER1 @tgradous @LVNancy I blame her death on the @potus he is directly responsible. He is pathetic. If i were her dad....
There's room for you behind primm.
@realDonaldTrump Really? The perfect definition of ignorance... The perfect example of someone who does not know reality...
Another Reagan the last thing we need! The #FatherofAmnesty rewarded 3m criminals, displaced 1.9m in workforce! @DaGodfather907
A man in a black wetsuit surfing.
Fabian formed north of Puerto Rico on October 5 .
On July 6 , a moderate hurricane hit Puerto Rico , destroying 6 villages .
Two boys jumping on a trampoline.
My ship is sinking :( I didn't like that Echo bounced back and forth between Caius and Rowan at ALL.
@realDonaldTrump u talk a big bigoted talk & yet use illegals @ your new DC prop.Thank GD u being POTUS isn't viable! #trumpsucks
At the Mass. State House again tomorrow for Planned Parenthood's Sexual Health Lobby Day #ReproductiveJustice #Feminism
We see another side of Mychael; now we learn where he came from before he became Paladin.
We also get to see the love triangle resolved in a very satisfying way.
It's about friendship with alot of dancing and drama.
Bill Clinton Decided against taking out Bin Laden. And we Got September 11, 2001.
I'm hoping the next book is better.
Bite Me if You Can, Leigh and Lucian's book 7.
it takes at least an hour.
For an hour or so. I asked around about Goldie.
My heart was broken twice by the same guy.
This book should have made me love them.
But I still loved those glimpses because he's an awesome character and I particularly love when we get to see Ash and Puck interact.
like i really need to walk past a bunch of aborted babies to get into the union. get out of my peripheral
The physical award is a representation of the planet Saturn , surrounded with a ring of film .
Daphnis is about 8 kilometres in diameter , and orbits the planet in the Keeler Gap within the A ring .
At least one high precision instrument was made of steel .
Every Form 1 student has to learn to play at least 1 musical instrument .
Nobody gets hit on the head by a cop.
He gets a whiff of a cop, he disappears.
A woman is giving a speech to a group of people and is using a diagram.
a man points to a projected image of a Firefox page at a conference.
I'm thinking #Hillary throws #Chelsea under the bus to end #Foundation firestorm. #ClintonCash #TheGreaterGood #election2016
two blonds are staring off into the distance.
A blond baby reaching for a bowl of cookie dough.
The first half were scenes we already read about in the previous book and nothing new was gained from it.
Is this Mafi neatly getting rid of the love triangle that dogged the first two books?
A busy street with pedestrians passing in front of a Starbucks Coffee location.
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.
The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.
The fantasy elements were exciting and the mythology surrounding St. Mortain was interesting and I hope we will get to see that mythology developed more.
So when the convent of St. Mortain welcomed her, Ismae never thought of saying no.
Thanks @Jeffrey_Addison Kudos to @VolvoCarsAus for caring about the safety of unborn children #auspol
Crosswalk in an Asian city.
A woman in a dress at a crosswalk.
@realDonaldTrump Probably because @jorgeramosnews had to change it after you published his old one on Instagram #TrumptheChump
Simply do confidently while watching out for her brother and fataher.
big brother is probably watching us all!!
you're a hero to my brother today.
Beyond this door, there's an arena for our hero.
Great that @HillaryClinton attended #ClementaPinckney 's funeral today!!
indicate the method [18] of implementation.
RT alvedaking: The most disturbing thing we to this planet is to flood our streets with the #blood of #children from #HappyEarthD...
Great interview with @BobbyJindal tonight! I can vote for this guy! #Hannity #lnyhbt
@realDonaldTrump needs to learn when to stop talking. You are making it worse Donald... so much worse.
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table.
A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water.
* - Yeah * * - Came upon me *
* It's me * * Well? *
an iron grate whispered inside them.
The preparation, the... the endurance, iron weights.
#HillarysAccomplishments Being a total clusterfuck at anything she does. #ReadyForHillary #UniteBlue #TopProg #TPOT #LibCrib
@realDonaldTrump we need a president who cannot be bought.
@realDonaldTrump fuck you racist ass bitch. Go fuck yourself
@ABC Stupid is as stupid does! Showedhis true colors; seems that he ignores that US was invaded, & plundered,not discovered
Other cases are handled with options .
About 25 % of cases are `` bulbar onset '' ALS .
I hate it when percent try to out-bitter each other. #UniteBlue
Don't get it twisted. A major presidential candidate using her first policy speech to talk about mass incarcertaion.
It's time to be a #voice for the #voiceless. Stand up for the #unborn! #AllLivesMatter #ProLifeYouth #chooselife
@helenantanova Turning it into a racial thing kek
two girls sit beside a river under a tree
Four men paddling down a tree lined river.
the level of the game was disappointing.
Sixteen minutes remain in the game.
It had a microscope attached , giving it accuracy to six decimal places .
This template rounds up a numeric value to a limited number of decimal places .
Go to Google and type in yo momma jokes.
Media that use reflected light and colorants to produce colors are using the subtractive color method of color mixing .
Salmon is a range of pale pinkish-orange to light pink colors , named after the color of salmon flesh .
Chaos reigns after the King's death.
@FFRNNU Maybe #MSM should be talking more about this and less about flags and cakes.
The radio station is having an open doors day.
Even the #smallest #person can change the course of the #future.youthgen
Gwen being a good leader and training a new volunteer in rock hill.! #FellowsSC #HillaryForSC
The Snuggly There is no romance in this one but we are finally seeing a small glimpse of interest between Nell and Occam.
But now we see Nell with a firmer idea of who she is in the world and what she can do.
a broken face and neck were filled with a bright red blush.
A bright dawn is about to mark this lost and broken world.
At least 150 others were injured in Picher alone .
Picher is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
She is really good at executing a pretty well established story very quickly.
However, she soon learns that the Outside is dangerous and that maybe her tower life was a good one.
Moisture generally refers to the presence of water , often in trace amounts .
Trace amounts of sulfur in particular make the steel red-short .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
The Jobi Manucode is distributed in lowland forests of Jobi Island and northern New Guinea .
`` He 's not a cruel boy .
A boy saved by Kurohime in his childhood .
Dump the cheater and move on.
but if your talking over a dollar, who knows
listen to the girl above this-she knows what she's talking about!
Go back to focusing on brainless beauties... Oh wait you can't cuz you've been fired #NBC #youlose #sorrynotsorry
Serious question that came up at dinner--is @realDonaldTrump's craziness just signs of early-onset Alzheimer's?
Purchase an advertisement in the newspaper for a bassist.
The advertisement for this movie is amazing.
Hopefully Hillary Clinton gets cancer and dies before she gets the opportunity to embarrass our country any further. #july4th
the hospital is full of radioactivity.
It's a miracle, suddenly #Democrats don't mind having someone who voted for war.
@Lawrence @TheLastWord There is no enthusiasm gap, Mr. Lawrence! -@TheHRCSuperVols @JW4Hillary @kimfrederi #Hillarymen
Young girl in red t-shirt jumping in jumping apparatus
A man in sunglasses and a green t-shirt jumps up to hit a volleyball.
My sister wants to be Zagome.
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water.
A row of old fashion wagons being pulled by cattle.
Finally, I wanted to bang my head against a wall at how Fitz was written.
They made same sex marriage legal but they won't make abortion illegal. What is wrong with this world? #adamandevenotadamandsteve
no, the Salafis threaten to punish non-believers.
The slave's right to punish his persecutors.
A man in a red t-shirt rides his bicycle past Eddie's Sweet Shop.
A shirtless little boy playfully shields himself from a fire engine's spray with an umbrella.
Oooee Sharkey by young females.
This movie is about teen females.
Tokugawa Yoshinobu reluctantly became head of the Tokugawa house and shogun .
The present Head of the Ducal House of Saxe-Meiningen is Prince Frederick Konrad .
In this case, Tally and Clay.
Clay, you live in a tree.
That makes you both damn easy to dispose of.
Makes it very easy to end up alone.
Check out the Disney category on the Anonmaliesunlimited website.
The game is played predominantly in western Europe , especially in France , Belgium and the Netherlands .
Small communities exist in Europe as well , especially in France , Portugal and Hungary .
Rivers and streams in the Riverina generally flow east to west .
More than 150 rivers and streams drain into the Bay .
Maybe I'll have to give it another run through.
Since I didn't actually give it five stars, it wasn't perfect.
Start seeing other women. That should work for good.
A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background.
The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth.
Two adults riding in a vehicle in another country.
Adults and children stand outside of open barn.
A total of 46 nations were represented at the Amsterdam Games .
Troops were contributed by 17 nations , about 9,900 in total .
Bobby Robson was awarded a number of honors for his contributions to football .
Adams has been awarded three honors .
Two men in a boat are casting a yellow net into the water
Four people in orange vests in a blue inflatable boat with yellow paddles.
The Sabah State Legislative Assembly is located at nearby Likas Bay .
Like all Canadian provinces , Manitoba is governed by a unicameral legislature , the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba .
Nice addition to the books of the Kate Daniels series.
We see here for the first time that Curran feels more than just irritation for Kate.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
This may be my favorite of the Septimus Heap books, but if you haven't read the previous tales don't start here.
I also wonder if Septimus will ever get a girlfriend.
The 1st guy knows what he is talking about.
in the event of a negative answer to the previous question:
Some men are weak and goalless.
I guarantee Hillary could care less about black rights. If Obama did, blacks wouldn't be in the same predicament still.
@sunbeltgirl @9975Ts @bobwilsonn "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #StopHillary2016
They both look like their father.
My father works on PBS television.
crazy-speak & how often/many times it's repeated are NOT mutually exclusive; c'mon chris; don't YOU be lazy, too... @chrislhayes
. @realDonaldTrump American was great until you embarrassed us all to death
Two people race their horses.
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother.
Like the other books in the series, there were noticeable typos in this one, and the plot was slightly predictable.
Read this first before any other Percy Jackson books.
Through out the beginning of the book, Riley and Eli get physical, really physical.
Especially everytime he calls Eli a "Lucky fuck!".
a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open.
Link to imdb.com, and its complete list.
Three women chat while sitting in the grass by a tree.
A young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.
A guy with a long blue dress like clothing piece with blue socks and sandals on walking into a concrete building.
i used to like them but my mom does if that counts
A man and woman relaxing in a beautiful, scenic country.
Beautiful scene of a building in shadow with birds flying and a colorful sunset in the background.
There is now a `` lemon and lime '' version , under the Pepsi Max brand .
The brand later expanded to the United States under an Americanised version of the name : Dannon .
She likes people to think that she enjoys Rock n' Roll music.
It makes me laugh every time I watch it.
It was sent to Australia!
i believe in american dreams ...
They loved my American accent.
Without #life, the right to liberty and the pursuit of happiness aren't possible. #ProLifeYouth #AllLivesMatter
Chris Young is the best by a large margin.
I must agree with Green Day by a large margin.
Composed of prosperous artisans , the guilds of the Meistersingers flourished here .
Listed here is a selection of works for which Smeaton composed music .
I'm not much of a short story guy.
5 Stars, but hey, a collection of short stories.
@HillaryClinton Did your rich Saudi donors, who execute gays, join the team? #Hypocrite #WakeUpAmerica
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
Many video cameras are set up in front of a concrete wall.
Boy riding a donkey talking to another boy standing by an adobe wall.
A happy man climbs up a tall totem poll.
What I Did Not Like: I think I would have liked to know more history behind the Zhamvy.
I did, at times, want to smack the main character, Phoenix for being too dramatic and reckless.
[25] Germany, Estonia, Spain, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Finland and the United Kingdom.
the export bans declared by the United Kingdom, Italy and Spain are applicable.
Also, abortion is wrong biblically and morally. Imagine never getting a chance to live your life. Think about where you are now.
I get the whole "Kill your darlings" advice, but I feel like an abortionist with all these unfinished stories. #Writing #Literary
Station or line names shown in italics are under construction .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
@FoundersGirl @Artist_Angie I want the first female to be competent.
@msnbc @Lawrence @JoeBiden @SenSanders we love Joe and Bernie--but they ARE too OLD--they would end up a #OneTerm President
I really felt for him as he went through what was going on (see my attempt not to give anything away!).
He comes across as a playful guy who wants and normally gets all the girls even if just in their dreams.
Repeat it or break up with her.
Repeat that after the third one.
Harlin on the other hand is hot and cold.
But at least in this case, I can kind of understand it because Harlin is dreamy.
On Sunday evening she sprinkles home-made snow over the complex miniature world she has built in her bedroom out of scraps of rubbish.
It is a symbol of the land she has been taught in which all believers will live after Armageddon.
Notarsky urad Strnad Jiri,JUDr. on the EDB map
Little girl in jeans and a pink shirt is wading along the shore.
East Asian woman with child holds drink glass.
An Asian woman is sitting on a tiny stool eating a meal.
It helps that his adoptive brother, Cael, and adoptive father, Sgt Maddox, are on the Delta team, but Dex works his own magic inserting himself.
Dex does help Brodie blow off steam (read: smexytimes) and they engage in a down-low affair.
One, we are pro life Two, a little bit louder Three, I still can't hear you Four, more more moreYouth
Why don't black lives matter in the womb?
a line waiting to get into a movie
A hockey team waits at the hockey rink.
A mother is holding a baby and playing with her son on a horse swing.
A mother and daughter walking on the street, passing a man reading a newspaper.
All in all, this book had exactly what I wanted to see from the characters.
This made me respect them more and made me appreciate all the tough decisions they had to make.
The kind of Gov that Liberals promise you can only be achieved and sustained with a Conservative Government. #HeatWave #tcot
A man jogging on the sidewalk while listening to music.
3 men playing soccer with a yellow ball.
They have had eight top ten albums and fifteen top ten singles .
The Andy Griffith Show consistently placed in the top ten during its run .
Kurt Eisner was a Bavarian politician and journalist .
Kurt Josef Waldheim was an Austrian diplomat and politician .
the sight of the fire cheered their hearts.
Upon the horizon appeared an incredible sight.
A man stands in front of a liquor store with a bright display.
A man stacks ring-shaped bread in a display case.
It lived up to the previous books and then flew past any expectations I might have had.
Some characters I had to grow to love....well except Jie and Joseph.
a memory of my mother, for my father's vengeance.
He was pretty consistent in wanting what was best for Wendy and his people though.
Her Wendy sounds like the worst child in the world.
@realDonaldTrump not good when only @AnnCoulter defends you. Your big mouth & giant ego are your downfall #stupidisasstupiddoes
Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy
A Walk to Remember, but it's Mandy moore.
A brown-haired woman sleeping on a couch with her head on a stack of pillows.
A brown-haired woman wearing a red scarf near a stream.
with the unfolding story, the Abbot's smile faded.
The name of the story is "The All-American Smile.
Osiris was an Egyptian god , usually called the god of the Afterlife , underworld or dead .
As Hercules travels to the Underworld , a man arrives at Hercules ' house and tells Deianeira that Hercules is dead .
I say this, in part, because we finally get all the feels, but also because the story is just that good.
I may write a better review of this at some point, but right now, all I can think is... TYBALT!
Then her father returns from the city one night holding the most beautiful rose that anyone has ever seen and a story about a Beast.
Beauty lives in the city with her father and two sisters.
@thehill @greta @realDonaldTrump Now You Know The Left Is Afraid Of A Executive Over Politicians < Hang In There Donald
I love the Mexican people but they're smarter than us we MUST stop them!
I assume that her father killed her.
A woman sits on a sidewalk surrounded by fruit.
A man measuring a wall on a construction site.
Most of the characters in the story are unpleasant, which is sometimes disconcerting for an idealist.
It has the sweetest romance for a tween book and the characters were delightful.
Child reaching out to take something from oddly dressed lady.
A small girl standing on one leg in the grass, with another child in the background.
I really hope @realDonaldTrump doesn't combover and shoot me with the pistol he's constantly packing..
At least three times while reading this book I said to myself that George R.R.
So, all in all, just as good as book 1 and 2 for me!
Blowing bubbles as she walks.
Fine. Areyou coming to celebrate George Bond's birthdaywith us tonight?
But there are a few climactic "fight scenes": Jaron vs. Devlin; Roden vs. Devlin; and Roden vs. Jaron.
The secondary characters are just as great as Jaron.
The romance between Flint and Neryn continues to be a highlight - it is all slow smolder.
Tali also got on my nerves with all her talk of focusing only on the fight against the king and being rude to Neryn.
We both go to OSU, drive old cars, like basketball," he listed off, as if he was trying to convince himself of our likeness.
He felt he was destined to be with her.
@JohnFugelsang I'm not surprised murder is legal in Israel, should be illegal in civilized countries like USA
start up a conversation, i've read in a magazine before that funny people most of times think faster.
OH PLEASE STOP REPEATING THIS QUESTION, I've read this question for like a hundred times since the other day.
I did figure out who was behind it all before it was revealed, but that didn't stop me from enjoying this book to the fullest.
And the couple did NOT disappoint!
From outside came the sound of more gunshots.
From behind her came a soft bumping sound.
A group of men and women eating and drinking.
Numbered participants race past a man dressed as a cartoonish green dinosaur.
A number of people ascending a zig-zag ramp with bright blue railings.
This book made me feel stupid by reading it.
For me it has all the ingredients that make it a great read.
@HomeOfUncleSam @ScotsFyre @RWNutjob1 @SA_Hartdegen She's too old to understand the internet...that she can be fact checked.
A man is jumping off of the upper level kitchen in his home.
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump, mountains in background.
A brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth.
A cyclist is gleeful after taking an early lead in his contest.
The vinyl includes the five live tracks from the video in addition to `` Beyond the Wheel '' .
In addition to the anime , Ash has made appearances in video games and manga .
As for that bliss, that is what it feel like to open yourself up to Odin.
Mead is a master of playing with our emotions, which is exactly what you want in an author.
Three dogs on a sidewalk.
Three performers at a show.
Woman just about to get on a bicycle.
the current school can't answer that question.
A woman walks outdoors near a canal.
But, the ending was a big disappointment for this book.
Her reactions to this all feel so real and so poignant that I couldn't help crying at several points in the book.
I also appreciated the fact that the main character is a man of color, from a council estate background.
Harry Potter this is not with the main characters sardonic wit.
Demand the Senate vote to ban painful late-term abortions. Use your voice to help hold the Senate accountable. #bluemoon
The color indicates the salinity of the ponds .
These are alike , except for the color of the seed .
A crying child is tugging at an adult's shirt.
An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on.
U Missouri at KC got Chelsea caus Hils cost too much. Chels could arrive w/ mom - no xtra charge. @HillaryClinton
@PhxKen Shocked she didn't burst into flames! #WakeUpAmerica #makeAmericaGreatAgain
YEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey lalalalalalallaalal~ I'm sorry, I am a bit hyper right now.....Mjau~ *_____* (We loved with a love that was more than love.
Also, there was not only a love triangle in this, but a love quadrilateral.
As far as Mae and Justin--I am sort of tired with the push/pull relationship already.
Justin March investigates and dismantles illegal religions with Mae Koskinen, an implant-improved soldier, works as his body guard.
A young blond female tends to a tiny puppy in the outdoors.
She was less the "pain in the butt" little sister and more emotional touchstone for both Iris and Cletus.
But then she finds her newest client, Cal, poisoned on his kitchen floor, and only Iris can help.
A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water.
A young Asian girl is running through sprinklers in a fountain.
An Asian person is cutting the stems off of leeks.
Two dogs race through a field.
But after her father's death, things change drastically for Nicolette.
A workshop that Nicolette once believed had been completely destroyed by a fire.
This one had me saying, "forget this".
Okay so now Ive had a chance to think about this whole messed up situation...here are my thoughts...also shared on amazon.
@DaGodfather907 @dare6626 Hope the rotten SOB don't choke :(
@realDonaldTrump You are absolutely right on the border! Bush and company are afraid to address it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
OMG! .@KirstenPowers Practically states Whites are more racist than Blacks because Whites are oppressing Blacks. WHERE? WTF?
As an Aquarian, I am always very intrigued while reading about my House and am always pleased with what I find out.
I never really liked the House system, though the world-building is AMAZING, definitely well-constructed.
it's neither warm nor cold.
Neither their feet nor their faces.
So, the books stance is natural remedies are evil and you shouldn't trust them and just go to a "real doctor" instead.
They are not even remotely the same, but I just had a feeling that they fall together.
Evan, our second main character, is a mystery from the very beginning.
maybe point out to him if you see someone kissing.
You should enjoy kissing and holding hands at this point.
An elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street.
Two men playing music and displaying old cars.
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Hilliary: I provided all work related emails State Dept: There are work related emails you didn't provide #Hillaredacted
I love reading as well
@politico YAWNzzzzzzzzzzzzzz could keep the z's going for the full amt of Tweet characters but you get the point.
The girls deserve a break.
It connects the Tasman Sea on the west with the South Pacific Ocean on the east .
It moved westward across the unfavorable Atlantic Ocean and crossed Central America into the Pacific on the 28th .
A woman greets a little boy.
Two young children are hugging.
If Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras needs advice on emerging from bankruptcy, I'm available #greekreferendum
My last information showed the longest audio tape to be 110 minutes.
ask her for the DVD version, vhs tape will not last!
Vigholf wants to take care of Rhona like she's taken care of others and it was so so sweet!
It follows Vigholf the Abhorrent and Rhona the Fearless.
@luzcarolinarov @damian_becker Right-wing idiots in the US are capable of anything. Including voting for extreme racist
As late as 2013 #HillaryClinton opposed marriage equality.
#HillaryClinton is hiring #Monsanto lawyers to help her become President. The next president shouldn't be aided by Monsanto
RT @FutureTXLeader: Who in #CorpusChristi is ready for #MarcoRubio in #2016 #Hooks #CC #Texas #TX #361 #KeepTexasRed #GOP #Tea...
Trump's inauguration speech (God Forbid)!!.....Me-me-me-me-China-me-me,"did i mention me yet!?..where's my hairspray China
If I'm in my car they wouldn't be crossing anymore.
ya, otherwise they wouldn't sing it anymore.
Bill Clinton testified on her behalf .
Its bill is long , straight and slender .
Are the Alphas, Betas, Gammas and Deltas ...
every SI takes the LEGRACE ALFY BETY BETY GAMY I DELTY
He has picked Jane over the vampires.
Jane Yellowrock is up against the biggest, baddest nasty she's ever seen.
interested parties see the initiative for project bonds.
No other viable methods were identified by the interested parties.
think of it,most guys these days r afraid of a bit of competition.
Few people know how to shoot pool these days.
DID YOU KNOW that the U.S Constitution is now under full pledge attack by the Obama tyrant administration? #WethePeople
And this dude wants to be potus #FOH
he was getting divorced & filing bankruptcies @robin182zz #Trump #bankrupt #Election2016
The man who sings for The Cure.
Schwarze, a professor, in cooperation with C. Dechamp, Rechtsanwalt, - H.
You and H and C are going to have to decide on that basis.
Looking forward to reading the rest of the series and finding out what happens next.
I hated reading what was done and how.
she had a headache before the sun.
Mr. Welsh isn't qualified to answer that question.
His aim was to let Holiday tell her story in her own way .
The keepers ' cottages are today let as holiday houses .
I'll face the next warrior tonight after sunset.
by sunset tonight, Qualinest will be on fire.
A woman in a leopard print tank top is taking photos on her camera phone.
A brunette woman in glasses and a white tank top paints a wall green.
@Dahat8 @Stonewall_77 The HATE within America is stronger NOW than I remember since 1969? Can't go backwards to such division
But, for home school, I have decided to read them in chronological order as it think this will be easier for elementary students to understand.
This is a must read for everyone.
A boy wearing swimming trunks jumps over some sprinkler water in a backyard.
A group of five female children reason outdoors.
Three boys lounge on an outdoor basketball court.
A woman watches a machine that transports balls.
A man in a woman within a house happily socializing.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A surfer riding a small wave.
Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill.
A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff.
This one also just seemed so much more romantic.
I was actually asking for more after I read this unfinished book.
A person is carrying a lot of objects along a sidewalk.
A man kneels on the ground doing some sort of project on his own.
Hip-hop makes you want to get up and dance, to move.
Taylor was born at Sydney in 1872 .
Taylor walks around Jones and inspects his mask .
Two little boys reading and looking at books on the stairs.
A little boy with blue mittens walking over a wooden trail bridge.
For step by step information on how to enable this functionality , see instructions .
Despite Nintendo 's warning , information on how to encounter MissingNo .
Ok I love Reaver too but Harvester totally rocks!!!
But Larissa Ione pulls it off very well, making her a sympathetic character as soon as she's introduced in Reaver.
A woman with a yellow hat and multicolored dress examines a book on a patio.
A young toddler experiences a pool from the safety of a yellow floating baby seat.
WE Love Mexicans,WE Respect your Work Ethic,Your Love of Family,Your Loyalty,Your FOOD &Your Love Of God! Lets ALL Get JOBS,VOTE
A cold breeze whispered into the room.
A man pushing two children with one running next to him.
Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.
She's reckless at times, but it's not that stupid reckless that leaves readers thinking "What?!
In the conversation that follows, she realizes that these are not fellow classmates; these are the Night Students, and they are hiding a terrible secret...
I'm a Pisces And a monkey
theres a monkey in my closet
a human life is the greatest sin.
Disobedience is a woman's greatest sin.
man in yellow shirt running through water fountain.
Very weird question...but oddly enough, my friend asked this question!
Males and females are different.
this is an assault weapon.
And for the assault: "Break up the demonstration".
@DardenMBA As a former fetus I oppose #ProlifeYouth
I pick flowers and fish.
Split Milk by Jelly fish.
A man is clapping at the base of the Washington Memorial.
An Asian woman takes questions from reporters.
Crew's en route to the prison now.
Meanwhile, the letter's still en route.
She is the only one he knows who is not afraid of him.
When Balder the Beautiful fails to rise Soren and Astrid team up to find him and bring him back to the world.
There was also a February 2 , 2007 press release .
In late February GSC managed to release a public beta .
Nobody fires a weapon inside the temple.
Nobody this prepared for anything of this wanted.
Two men working together to carve ice sculpture.
Two woman ride a bicycle together as they pass a painting on a wall.
The Armenian Catholic Church is an Eastern Catholic Church sui juris in full union with the Roman Catholic Church .
The Roman Catholic diocese and the Kiribati Protestant Church are situated on South Tarawa .
@HillaryClinton Yes I can and will.
@JimDDaniels1 Plenty of reasons for Christians not to support Hillary. Not the least of which in my mind is her stand (w/Dems) on
@toby_dorena Any pregnancy can turn deadly at any time, without warning. I can't force that on someone.
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
Nick Lachey sings What's Left of Me.
The new century brings the phenomenon of open-source or open-content record label .
Membership of RIANZ is open to any record label operating in New Zealand .
I know something so simple, but you can feel the tension and chemistry between Rayna and Chase, only nothing really happens.
Rayna gets to take him into territory where demons aren't that different from hunters or humans.
you'll have to choose with H and C yourself.
It's not often that I come across such a book.
Some of the words are not familiar.
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog.
A mother sits against a shabby wall, nursing her baby with a bottle of milk.
i LOOOVE THEM LAST WEEK WENT TO THE SHOW IN HOUSTON,TX.
I went to see the film Madea's Family Reunion last weekend.
.@FoxNews @brithume ok.. So where are these emails coming from? Didnt @HillaryClinton already say the server was erased? #LIES
@RobBently @JonahNRO @BernieSanders Hillary campaign will shortly announce that Sanders was born in Canada. Yeah that's it.
There were a pleasant amount of surprises and I was intrigued enough by the epilogue to pick up the second book immediately.
Now after finishing this book, I think I'm going to have to put Robin Hobb on my list of favorite authors!
I liked THE GOLDEN LILY much better than BLOODLINES.
I remember in Bloodlines I felt like Sydney was so alone all the time.
Teasing is a word with many meanings .
Not all meanings of each word are allowed .
They didn't feel forced together for the sake of the story, like Kit and Rue did in the previous book.
4.5 Stars I loved this book as much as the first.
The child in whose veins flows the blood of William Turner?
Veins run with the blood of eternity." There it is.
Remember that story about a charismatic businessman who will lie to get into power from an obscure position? #Revelation
id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving.
A man with a cigarette talks to a woman with a cigarette.
Whose shirt is this, all stained with blood?.
A worker makes repairs in the wheel of a bulldozer during winter.
Two workers making dough in a factory.
The Battle of the Alamo lasted almost 90 minutes .
The fight lasted for almost two centuries .
that the aliens are a vulnerable nuclear bomb.
An elder female in a long coat holding an animal with another one behind her.
@realDonaldTrump @LadyPatriot777 @Macys lousy merchandise made in China !!!!!!!
I assume you were raised without your father present.
My father raises his voice about the situation because my sister is not present.
@liars_never_win @HillaryClinton shhh, go get me an iced tea.....
@TODAYshow @ChrisChristie is not qualified b/c he eats $82,000 in snacks & b/c of D corruption of #Bridgegate A BIG FAT BULLY!
Their romance, though not particularly earth-shattering, was sweet, as well.
More like hours not being able to sleep dreading it was more accurate.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
46 Paso Robles, CA 93446 BW-CA-5223 Arrowwood Vineyards and Winery 14347 Sonoma Highway P.O.
17000 East Highway 120 P.O. Box 897 Ripon, CA 95366 Woodbridge Winery P.O. Box 1260 Woodbridge, CA 95258 II.
What kind of question is this?
Will Therese be the key, or perhaps the salvation for humanity?
I also felt like if Therese were even just a year older, the story would have been more believable for me.
A group of athlete running in a race.
Ez21:15 I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, n their ruins be multiplied:
How would I get a celebrity's phone number?
@realDonaldTrump I know you are the best candidate. You are the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #RestoreOurRepublic
@HuffingtonPost He probably DOES have facts!
Two kids splashing in the water.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
oct means eight octagon- eight sides october- no clue cause its the 10th month!
He was born on the 10th of October, which means that his Zodiac sign is Libra.
The traditional Tamil performing arts have ancient roots .
Caid is the name given to various ancient and traditional Irish football games .
If you are ok with reading logical processes that seem a little too perfect at the time, then you will enjoy this book.
It was the first RPG styled book that I've read, which was new for me.
I was a little disappointed with the fourth book in this series.
my favorite one in the series.
Will say series ending was fitting and played out as expected with quite a few interesting developments along the way.
Sitting down to write this review, I worried that I didn't have much more to say about Jane Jameson.
Has he personally met her?
A blue restaurant that sits in the water.
A crane lifts into the air above the water.
Do you like him, or do you like that he pays attention to you?
So who really is aware, or pays it much attention?
There she again outplayed Walker , with a score of 100 - 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
This program earned the bank the 2004 Petersburg Prize worth of EUR 100,000 / - , for its contribution of Technology to Development .
The person in blue jeans holds a yellow fish.
An Asian boy in a yellow shirt eating.
A man is hugging someone.
A man is taking a picture.
i loved that both the lead male and female were highly intelligent and yet had their insecurities.
I can't remember if I read Darkfever first or this one first, but they were both around the same time.
A woman is playing with a puppet in front of some children.
Two children with their faces painted are sitting on the floor.
I struggled a bit with how accepting the heroine was of her new situation.
You get meet his family and see how Lexington copes with one of her discoveries and how her father is involved.
A street scene with a Hair and Wigs store and a leather goods store.
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
a small blond girl in a pink shirt standing by a duck.
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza.
Their land borders the Gath homeland.
2010 is the International Year of Biodiversity .
It was replaced with Julia for the 2010 season .
The settlement incorporated in 1889 as Pineville .
The FSF is incorporated in Massachusetts , USA .
I dreamt about Hilary Clinton last night. Does this mean her plans to control us and take over the world are coming true?
A mother in blue holds her child outside of a white tent.
a mother and a son working with a cloth machine
There is also no question about its originality.
There were details that were scattered all over.
She also encounters quite a bit of kindness from strangers on her way to meet Jefferson.
There is also a sweet little romance storyline.
A photo of a happy gentleman driving what looks like a large truck.
The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken.
Apparently, @BernieSanders fans don't like to see Hillary's name even implied. #SheWhoShallNotBeNamedBecauseShesWinning
#TheDonald can't keep a beauty pageant afloat and wants to be the President? Aw, hell no.
Three men are sawing a tree into sections.
Dark and light-skinned men sit in front of a tree.
Two little boys are playing in a colorful park shower.
Two women hug while a third gets out of the car.
In the end, Dark of Heart of Magic is a good sequel, if a predictable one.
The soulsight sessions between the two of them packed one heck of an emotional punch, and the last few pages definitely pulled on my heartstrings.
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky.
A man performing a dredging operation in a river with a single-person operated dredging machine.
@Jami_USA I'm just hoping we don't have to resurrect the no H8 for Hillary's second term.
Hillary must have been at the Navy Yard, under sniper fire!
A man is putting broccoli into water.
A person is peeling a potato.
Those who have read the story will get the joke.)
There's another little story just past them, about a typewriter.
A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles.
I haven't seen him since Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
He jumps into the book by rescuing DJ from a dead pirate Jean Lafitte and never left.
But two things made me decide to request this book through NetGalley.
A woman in a white blouse holds a cigarette and talks to someone.
Four men listen to someone talking while sitting around a table.
She didn't find out about the mate bond and lose her whole personality.
The author didn't try to write in stupid accents or make her characters turn into caricatures.
& I'm going to kick your ass" Holy CRAP, I'm your fan!
Such a great kick off for a series!
The three field hockey players dressed in orange make for the ball.
However, she cares enough not to hurt you ego.
that way it's just long enough to pull and have it hurt.
A black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass.
Good morning @JustinTrudeau. Do you plan to tell @WadePEILiberal that women on PEI deserve the right to choose? #cdnpoli #peipoli
Kids are always a pleasure to be around and to smile about.
the full moon is likely to remain underground.
They goes and dances up in the mountains every full moon.
I disagree, as I have seen my brother watching it.
One problem I find with this series is that things are under developed.
They make us wear armour to these things so we don't stab ourselves out of sheer boredom.
Having most of the characters in the 10 book series all airing their horrible history in one book was less pitiable and more irritating.
Cannot wait for the next book in this series, which is about Dagger.
The team 's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt .
That sounds like a fun game.
These trainers are now on display in a museum in Bonn .
Some of these fossils are on display at the Natural History Museum of Islamabad .
Why is bacteria considered life on Mars, but a heartbeat is not considered life on earth? #heartbeat
Please, if you've read the Cosmere novels, jump into this collection of gems that help to widen the cosmere even more.
I see Sixth of the Dusk and Silence Forescout as recursive of each other which here is not a bad thing if it ever is.
When compared to The Falconer, I thought this one had less physical action.
Please make the final book at least twice as long as this one.
Perhaps discover which type she is.
Perhaps you are looking for another type of love.
Her experience in answering questions could get her a position.
I thank you in advance for answering some of my questions.
this evening, one cruise around the island.
Every woman on this island needs you.
@HillaryClinton More lies and hypocrisy. As senator of NY, you clearly said you were opposed to gay marriage.
Research Center LN7 6DT Lincoln, Rothwell, UK CPB Twyford LTD.
Dingwall Road / Wettern House, CR0 0XH Croydon, UK Plant Breeders Inst.
I'm taking the bunk next to the window.
The programme shall support action in, inter alia , the following areas:
Supporting Parliaments Worldwide: EC strategies and methodologies for action to support
You're combover looks like the cupacabra Guillermo @jimmykimmel so funny
The ones that you hate for messing around with the heroine but just know something else will come from them.
The two girls were her best friends before, and now, she sees how they treat everyone else.
@Babbsgirl2 "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol #WakeUpAmerica #StopHillary2016
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
The effort at resolving these problems led to the development of quantum mechanics .
A man in a performance plays guitar.
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike.
@realDonaldTrump has formed the "Racistublicans". The political party for old fat assholes. #Racistublicans #Republicans
A man plays a song on the guitar for his cat.
Musicians (clarinet and bass clarinet) march in a parade!
The capital was moved to Wellington in 1865 .
In 1865 he succeeded to the baronetcy .
that UFO traced the direction, heading for the Southern Atlantic.
A man in tan slacks and a white dress shirt is speaking into a microphone.
A woman and man playing guitar while a brown-haired woman speaks on the phone.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
to their situation in Asia. So it's particularly difficult
@FoxNews we just have to hang in there long enough that this idiot doesn't completely destroy the country
Top 10 Questions at Declaration of Independence signing 8. Are all Mexicans rapists and murderers? #4thjuly
Marcus was born with some deformities.
And because the dialogue was so perfect, the characters really came to life.
And because I normally mention it, my favourite character of the book was Lex.
RT @AhmedtheBanker: Let's not forget @realDonaldTrump lost money running a casino.
a crowd of people assemble for a cycling event.
a social event taking place in the grass.
There's no big differences with the movie.
The last scene of the movie doesn't exist in the novel.
Downstairs by seven, Emily mouthed in a snotty voice as she let herself into her room.
But Emily and Stanton soon find themselves in deeper trouble.
His father denies that the Holocaust happened.
It's up to the general of the army to save the republic.
Take care of the flashlight, it's from the army.
Do end the bold text before the and continue the bold text after it to avoid the problems .
RC4 is often referred to as `` ARCFOUR '' or `` ARC4 '' , to avoid possible trademark problems .
Why did you ask this question three times?
(Movies) Yeah, but I read the book like three times!
But I believe you 're always as good as your potential .
Good luck with your editing and thank you for your co-operation .
A man in an orange shirt sits at a table with a puppy on it.
Ethan, Cassie, and Lacey can't find Aisha.
Aisha, Ethan, and Cassie get into a fight.
Nine books into the series and she is in some ways different than the Jane we first met.
somewhere in the corner lies and sleeps.
The Forest of Fangorn lies on our doorstep.
It works with the same parameters as .
Optional parameters in italics .
The female artist was painting a landscape picture in the outdoors using a variety of colors.
An Asian female tennis player preps for return of volley on a greet and purple court.
The Monkey looked down angrily.
I went to the bookstore and the movie rental store before going home.
After coloring her hair red, the previously blond lady went back to the store.
out the box and ready to roll.
The boy that picked up the box
a dog holds a stick in its mouth.
A man standing by a door reading a paper.
How did I forget how much I love This main character.
Kadrey did a great job at writing a character in conflict with himself, without relying on cliched "I'm crazy!
A couple of musicians are enjoying an outdoor gig.
A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.
A smiling young man in a brown shirt sitting up in the branches of a tree.
Pairs of people are kayaking down a peaceful river surrounded by large trees and bushed.
A fantastic book by an amazing writer!
There is only one true ghost story in this book.
Trump believes in traditional marriage so strongly that he's been traditionally married 3x. He should teach a class or something.
Translation: I do not understand why the Republicans don't dismiss him. #Republicans
You'll find it a block down the street around the corner on the right.
You dress like a prostitute who stands on the street corner.
Tons of fish in the sea!
The European has the fish.
Dude, why can't Hillary run a fax machine?
they're about to break down that wall on Monday.
Boiler's on the other side of the wall.
A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose.
A girl in a black shirt with blue jeans has a silver necklace.
a girl is posed holding a toothbrush with some form of box in her mouth.
Onlookers mouths are agape at a breakdancer in a contorted pose.
Is all that stuff inside the trunk?
It's hard to give it less than five stars; I wish there were halves!
My favorite characters were Steven and Michael.
A lady in a dark top and black necklace is sitting next to a man in a black sweater and listening to a conversation.
A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.
Its alot easier for couples to split.
Find couples to spend time with!
he writes an "attack of the animal" in the cause of death.
I was the cause of my parents' death.
Two serving people are having a deep conversation.
There is no food at home and waiting for my son.
I love the western United States, which includes California.
I just like books a lot more easier than most of the people I know and don't know.
I mean, I get that there are people like her out there but I just DON'T LIKE HER OKAY??
Two asian females are doing a dance in native costume.
A woman in a green vest leans back with her eyes closed and mouth open.
When I did have to put it down I dreaded it!
It isn't much fun when you have a clue!
Hillary needs to go to a Sheetz gas station after 10 pm to see the real America.
@roughcountry451 @vendettajane Fortunately Bryan he does not have a saying on that #freeallfour
Currently, a rescue team is working 24/7 to bring him back as Jullien alone saved their families and friends.
And Jullien, I hated him in the previous books but in this one I really loved him and marveled at how much he had changed.
Music is similar to an emotion in my opinion.
Sound like a big mess.
@kugrl6 good riddance to millions of black babies? I really hope I'm misunderstanding you
People taking pictures of a giant pig behind a wooden fence.
A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.
. @SenatorKitchen @nbc how deeply offensive such comments are not only to Mexican-Americans, but Latino Americans in general.
My only gripe was the ending.
Oh, and they're all tall, blue, and have fangs, and are a primitive warrior race (only not really).
It is also the headquarters of Barisal Division .
The districts are listed below in alphabetical order by division .
the drone strike wounded the American.
Anything about this strike you as odd?
Oreo frappie from Mcdonalds is the morning beverage of Champions.#wakeandbake #McDonalds
nobody goes out and nobody goes in.
A man in blue selling on the street.
A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
by the hour, they'll forget all that.
Red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico .
Each side of the body contains red , orange , and white spots .
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground.
Three little girls in green playing soccer against one little girl in blue.
The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow.
A small child getting a taste of dessert mix.
Remember the mother, avenge the father.
It's not really fantasy-- there's no magic.
The book starts off really boring at first, and I often put it down to read other books.
I think I am going to vote for Monica Lewinsky's Ex- boyfriends Wife
A group of people are gathered for a meal in business casual attire.
Man in bike helmet getting fare ticket out of machine.
Both are closed in winter .
The Maltings closed in 1960 .
The town and surrounding areas are covered by the London SE25 postcode .
Up to three geographical areas covered can also be selected .
Move on with your life.
Eight heads in a duffle bag.
Eight Below was a great movie!
A young kid standing on a rock next to a body of water with his arms spread.
A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks.
The sex wasn't as descriptive or plentiful as I thought it would be, but it actually worked with the story.
Though, I would have gladly paid for an enthralling, imaginative and beautifully written story like Ember.
I didn't have overly high hopes.
I would have preferred to see the Gray King's back story, and other back stories, in the place of most of the interludes.
Be on guard, for dangerous people are everywhere these days.
First, the man; second, the oxen
He is my second favorite.
For more info check out the site!
At the time I was so overwhelmed I had a hard time talking about it clearly, so let me try now.
I only started caring about Harry at maybe 80%; before, he was just a slightly annoying narrator who thankfully had a healthy dosage of sarcasm.
I first read these books as an impressionable teen.
Just never really got interested, as a teen.
I could keep reading about Kate and August for the rest of my life and be a very happy woman!!
This Savage Song is very much a YA novel and it reads that way, albeit as a high-quality one.
I think that him and Shiarra would be cute together.
blonde says i know,i tried that, but i couldn't breath!
Three main types of optical telescopes - and these are divided into subgroups .
The Bantu Kavirondo are divided into three principal types : the Awa-Rimi , the Awa-Ware and the Awa-Kisii .
96 commit cards collected for Hillary in Greenville, SC so far! #FellowsSC
Merri Lee said that means girls like it, not that there are small birds in it.
It's not okay and really ruined this book for me.
Do not tell your sister or anyone else.
had anyone in love with 2 sister at once?
Watching TV and playing online games.
The children are playing a game of checkers.
A group of children are participating in a nature walk.
The House on the Borderland (1908) is one of my favorite pre-1950s thrillers (and yes, I use the word thriller intentionally--I'll get to that later).
Once it got going (about 15-20% in), and we see the giant swine god trying the doors around the house it is full speed.
the folder containing the images sequences.
Clearly the images kind of get that across.
His eyes filled with joyous expectation, a skier prepares for a jump.
Two teammates observe where a soccer ball landed in a soccer game.
A little girl crying on a statue.
she's gone out on the devil herself.
I've gone over every inch of her myself.
Similar to the original Law & Order.
Last year, a child tried to rip my face off.
Throw tradition out of the window... girls ask guys out more and more every day.
throw them at your window where there's busy traffic outside...
this one person, the girl of my dreams.
Like dominos, and each person affected affects the next,
a young girl climbs a tree.
A reciprocity clause for these provisions will be included in the Agreement.
the scope of the framework agreement provides for its provisions 2, point 1:
I think that by putting Amy in this situation (ie.
However, I think this series is getting to be out of hand.
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain.
@realDonaldTrump you're not playing to win this =
Fish with a big head?
My main concern is if they contain the meat I like.
Your mother's main concern should be over you.
Three boys jumping off of a platform.
What's @realDonaldTrump wife's Twitter handle? I need to ask her if his balls are made of brass...I'm certain they are. #NoHomo
@ChrisleyChase think your adorable. Remind me of my nephew. Stay young. The new comb over you're sporting is aging you.
Rather to his surprise, Rajasinghe felt a mild sense of disappointment.
sensing a great adventure, he felt a great sense of unknowns.
A tennis player about to serve.
Baseball player throwing the baseball.
several Member States and their regions meet in every stage of the implementation of the initiative.
There was strong opposition to the intelligence initiative from several key governments.
Rhodes continues to deliver an engaging character driven fantasy and Crystal Storm definitely hints at an epic conclusion I cannot wait to read!
I cannot wait for another year!!
Too many women in too many countries speak the same language of silence. HILLARY CLINTON #HillaryCliton #Hillary4Women
@JessieJaneDuff Results matter. U may feel less safe, but that is ur mental health issues. No 9/11s on Obama's watch
The Lord is aware children such as Henry require a hero.
A man in an orange shirt stands on a latter and paints a wall blue.
Dog with white collar yawning
Their staff is of high quality.
Three women dressed up, smiling and walking in the wind.
I'm taking some water to the prisoner.
to taking the life of Conor Greenleaf.
Without a girlfriend you have no chance.
Still don't understand why god made it that way.
the earth belongs to us as heaven
Go to www.pandora.com and join the revolution.
try and join him in playing.
What's meant is, "In the area of Barranquilla the dance is done in this manner.
Luckily, the sprinklers put out the fire pretty fast.
Things are gonna move pretty fast from here on.
And also about playing with gadgets.
its better than playing with rats...yuk
I'm in love with a stripper and it plays every five minutes.
@SCOTUS_Scalia Right. Words no longer have meaning. Like Clintons,"It depends on what the meaning of 'is' is." More if we don't
I read this book about two years ago...I think.
Torn between two worlds, not enough character development YET to know which path the heroine really wants to take.
One of Hillary Clinton's biggest idols is Margaret Sanger, who called for the extermination of colored people.
Isee Ben Quadinaros from the TundSystem.
Ben, no one chooses their nickname.
I am discovering this website and answering questions!
A dog chasing a pink ball.
A little blond girl is dressed up like little Red Riding Hood.
It appears in his short story collection Maps in a Mirror .
If your agonist abortion get a vasectomy
its a complex with theatres,fun plays in chennai-india
All in all, however, it wasn't nearly enough.
Well, maybe twice all the way through.
Its rider was the Lord of the Nozdrub.
The Lord shouldought to look after the dead.
He works hard for his money!
Buy one of those sex dolls instead.
I watch and buy every one of those.
my teacher taught me this method.
The teacher came and withdrew her statement.
There is something very sinister, NAZI-esque, about folks who support killing babies. #qanda #auspol
Can @DavidCornDC help Cuckold Conservatives win in 2016! More cuckoldry please! #Christie2016 #DonaldTrump #UniteBlue #p2
And then last year he dumped me for good.
I lost the Hero of the West.
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance.
Four men in the background look on as a man is trying to do some tricks on his bicycle.
A woman pulls two pumpkins in a red wagon through a garden area.
and a private hospital, a pharmaceutical company.
I read it in the tabloid.
This is now, always and forever to stop asking questions.
Honestly though @Macys you dumped Trump so now I'm dumping you. And I shop at your store A LOT. NOT ANYMORE BYE
@BraveConWarrior stories like this make think PATRIOTS are at the end of the string. all kinds of shit is going to hit fan
Two women watching over a herd of goats in a rural setting.
A bunch of women stand in a crowded room taking pictures and standing around.
@VRWCTexan WOW, she's one to talk
Overall, I do like Sam and Grace and there were some poignant moments in the book.
BUT if you don't have my issues with TTTW these books do have the same sense of urgency and tone of sweeping romance.
A small girl in a yellow dress sits on a pile of gray rocks.
A man wearing red and yellow riding a red sport bike driving on a racetrack.
Five Asian doctors in green hospital scrubs and masks having a discussion over what appears to be an ongoing operation.
An Asian man navigates a boat carrying 2 passengers down what appears to be a river deep in the forest.
A man standing by a yellow sign.
Without that info tho, here goes.
An adult woman holding an umbrella is walking with a female child.
Two children with leg pads are performing stepping actions near another child and an adult.
You know emailgate must be going nowhere when Fox News are hashing out the Bosnia 'sniper fire' story again.
Shelby's as old as my daughter?
With the promise of reuniting her with her daughter.
I like the mysterious thing he has going for him it's super-attractive quite pleasant.
Basso has a fluid writing style.
I'll give it some points for it actually having the guts to make its main character a pretty terrible person.
Ella, the main character, is a living doll, a transference of human consciousness into an inanimate object.
What is the source of that statistic?
Cotton hates Peggy and calls her "hank's wife" in order to disrespect her.
I'm friends with an ex that is married, and his wife hates it.
I loved her character and I really connected with her!
LANCE Lance was so sweet, and really adorable.
Think u can say anything without repercussion? Ask Mel Gibson how that's working out for him u racist elitist piece of shit!
Did anyone cut ties with Senator Lindsey Graham when he called all Iranians liars? NO.
we're working on the male police.
Outside of working hours for next 8 hours
A man playing the guitar at a club.
Loki is a fun but irritating narrator.
So it was with great delight that I spotted The Gospel of Loki on Netgalley.
Billy so he could annoy her!
From 2001 to 2007 , BoA hosted Beat it BoA 's World , a radio program on the Japan FM Network .
Swaggart 's wife , Frances , has a radio program called `` Frances and Friends '' heard daily on the SonLife Radio Network .
tables of contents; creating and updating updating; tables of contents
Resizes windows with a fast texture scale instead of updating contents
Around the corner at the coffee shop on Dauphine.
A woman is playing the flute.
A woman is slicing some tuna.
Axe hit me like a wrecking ball right in the face the first moment he showed up.
Craeg is told he is staying at the compound then Axe too!!
And it looks really great to me .
Maybe that makes me a bad actress .
soo... when's the winner's kiss coming out?
Marie Rutkoski has hit it out of the park again with The Winner's Crime.
@avocadofact only 2% of illegals work farm jobs
Join the Mickey Mouse Club.
This is quickly becoming one of my favourite series so if you like fairytale retellings or futuristic science fiction you need to read these books.
For one thing, it's one of the only non-fantasy YAs that I've read which isn't set in America or the UK.
However , it was only with independence that Yamoussoukro finally started to rise .
Spain finally recognized Mexico 's independence in 1821 .
Royce Melborn, you psychotic bastard, maybe I'm a little bit in love with you, too.
Bike riding in the square.
A father and his son bonding.
Lots of people are walking.
Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face.
Two young nurses display toys for children to play with.
Beware, there WILL be some spoilers, so if you plan to read this book in the future, I recommend leaving now.
I could dwell on this but there are worse parts in this tale.
A woman standing in front of a mirror as her friend fastens her necklace from behind.
A little girl is standing inside of a hoop that is suspended with orange cords.
A woman is mincing some garlic.
A person is cleaning a disk.
I am not sure which of them I ended up liking more.
I did not think this book would ever end (I may have skimmed a little).
Pug went from mere kitchen boy to an apprentice magician in this book.
As I progressed deeper into the book I thought about Tolkien and Jordan and the similarities.
lol cause they get alot of $$$ even for remixing same songs?
Search for a place near your house.
@pikester45 Exactly what I don't want to see happen in America.
He talks to Claire, guides her and runs around acting like a dog.
Loved that dog, thanks to Ms. Marlo.
hi, people, if someone keeps going when you say no, you shouldn't be expected to just forgive him and move on.
It's hard to believe that people can be so wretched to do something like that.
Plus, she continues to flirt with just about anyone, in spite of Martini telling her it makes him uncomfortable.
Agent Kitty Katt and Alien Jeff Martini are supposed to be planning their wedding.
Search for that in the search box.
The newer questions on Yahoo! receive more activity.
@LogicOfLife7 Premise is wrong. Nothing on earth has a "right" to use someone's body w/out consent. #rapeculture
An older man standing by a younger man with earphones
An older girl helps a younger girl ice skate.
My work here is done.
I have never done that.
This one did that for me.
Why did the lass keep her name a secret?
#NothingMoreAmericanThan complaining about Mexicans when you've been marketing off their labor.
@ericbolling @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump People who think like Geraldo are dangerous for America.
A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke.
I am only a young person with a simple plan.
What is your favorite song by Simple Plan?
Promotion person talking to people waiting in line to get into a club.
for eample for a couple of month yahoo Music wouldn't load on my pc!
A year later , the Mali Federation became the independent nation of Mali .
At the end of both wars , Scotland retained its status as an independent nation .
Donald Trump gets the boot from #NBC for calling immigrants rapists and murderers. Hey Donnie, where's your wife from again?
Sound off and Hup countdown.
It's like the battered wife syndrome.
My wife does this to me.
People with digital cameras are crowded in a small area.
A man standing in front of multiple piles of soil about shovel with others.
LOOKING FORWARD TO #CUBA EXPANDING MAJOR EXPORTS OF PICK UP TRUCKS CONVERTED INTO RAFTS!! SO EXCITING! #tcot
Before I formed you in the #womb I knew you. #prolifegen #prolifeyouth #God
As of 2000 , the population of Adams County was 18,643 .
Adams has won 18 awards out of 56 nominations .
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
A white man and an African American appear to be sitting in front of a scenery with plants and a tree.
An American footballer in red is being tackled by three players in white whilst other red players look on.
A newborn baby cries in its crib.
It has it some funny parts which make you smile and laugh.
You talk about Hunter's family, but what kind of people are they?
@johnkerry @statedept Nude pic of you and Brian Williams on your desk! MY EYES MY EYES
man and women on motorized scooter together (in focus) driving on bridge with background blurred.
Five young women are gathered together in a room with green and blue chairs.
She just stumbled on the killer so all her previous efforts were for nothing.
Whatever else may happen Mattie may have to survive more than just a bad few days.
Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions.
Three military males are watching a female wearing a red sports shirt attempt to do a push up.
All tracks written by Metric .
Written Ukrainian uses the Cyrillic alphabet .
we're looking for you around town.
Town after town fell to him.
In the 1590s three of his children were baptized in the Oude Kerk .
He was the organist at the Oude Kerk in Amsterdam for 44 years .
Because Communist Breadlines are not my thing! #NoHillary #WhyImNotVotingForHillary
You are the woman of my dreams
Break it down to the floor.
Or will Castle Glower's enemies win the day?
Lilah is super-dooper organized and helps run the castle household or plan an attack on the enemy.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Three men in white Target shirts work on Target booths.
This category contains articles about albums released by The Beatles .
This category contains template sandbox pages .
Two men jump off the ground during a sparring competition between opponents.
Until bad things start happening and old truths are revealed.
Almost all the characters are pretty good, I already grew fond of them!
If I had to describe Intrinsical in one word it would definitely be impressive.
I had to read it again in preparation for the second one and I am glad I did.
hole in the middle of the side
Freak is taken to the hospital .
Vacuum is taken from this point .
@divadoll123 @LANURSE1 @ShaninZT u can't go back.Only way people r going to wake up is when the free checks stop coming!#TCOT
A brown boat is packed with goods and people.
Sergio Echigo is a Nisei Japanese Brazilian football player and former Japanese football player .
Silvio Sergio Bonaccorsi Barbato was an Italian-Brazilian opera conductor and composer .
The first one started to power on July 10 , 2003 .
Albanian Wikipedia is the Albanian language edition of Wikipedia started in October 12 , 2003 .
Still, I want to know more specially see Ismae and Duval love progress.
Ismae knows this is her calling.
The Vacation Channel sometimes offers a deal for Las Vegas.
Stop stalking him and go buy a life on eBay.
people making strawberries drink on a hot day.
The causes & circumstances of pregnancies vary, but one thing is unwavering: a human with a right to life. #ProLifeYouth
Is #America still "One Nation Under God" #violence #racism #samesex #LustWins #populationcontrol #hate #atheism #Secularism
A gray shaggy dog running
a cop doesn't need an English.
His mum's English, his dad's a Spaniard.
Sydney Opera House is situated on Bennelong Point in Sydney Harbour , close to the Sydney Harbour Bridge .
The city of Kampen is situated along the river IJssel close to the point where it flows into the IJsselmeer .
the robber put a knife on my neck.
All I have to say is, you really should read this book but read the first book then this book.
@mrprolife You would force a woman to risk her health, sanity, and life, to continue a doomed pregnancy. Against her will. No.
They were slaying their own souls when they offered up their sons & when they shed the blood of infants. #Augustine #Psalm106
This is essentially the same format as a piped link , minus the surrounding brackets .
This template creates an inline link to Commons in list format .
You should purchase the soundtrack.
A man with gray hair and a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette.
An older women in a white jacket and white pants squatting in the dirt to fix her garden.
A person wearing a white tank top is holding a microphone.
That sounds like things i've done before
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
The Wolf Trail, the pathway between heaven and earth, he kept thinking, and as he did so, he started to drift away to the right.
Another thing is he did not explain the whole concept behind the Sight very well so I was very confused through the while thing.
A woman with glasses is face painting a blond girl.
Christian's cousin Gia comes up with a plan: Christian can pretend that he is gay and that his family would not approve if they knew.
I kind of feel like it should have been a novella and not an actual book.
I refuse to let people like you shame and insult women for accessing healthcare. Sorry. Just no.
In so many ways, to so many people around the world, America really IS the "Great Satan" #GayMarriage #Drugs #WakeUpAmerica
Now, having read a lot of mythology of various types when I was a teenager, all of the stories were familiar.
It is the TMZ version of the story as it were.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
This was especially useful for fractional powers .
The art of glass developed especially in Italy .
@WashTimes @billpostmus #CONGRESS approve this already! Let President veto, then overturn his veto.
If it was you she wouldn't be singing anymore.
the army screwed up the sun.
By orders of The Commander of the Army!
Outdoor cafe with rain flaps down and empty tables.
A group of people on a blue raft going down a river.
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
I enjoy answering your questions about guitar.
They aren't on anymore, and I can't find them ANYwhere.
most bestfriends that tried the relationship thing, arent bf at all anymore.
Children are the greatest blessing which God has bestowed on man and woman. -Pope Francis #LifeisaGift
How much was Monica getting paid when Bill's burrito squirted sauce all over her pretty blue dress? @MauraReynolds @politico
There's a young lady in the beach doing yoga.
An older gentleman in a brown cap looking at a younger gentleman's arm.
A bicyclist catches some air
a guy and a girl running.
Two men maneuvering pieces of wood on top of a vehicle.
A daschund with an open mouth appears to bark at a bubble making machine in the grass.
you have a nice town.
A boy playing in water with a football.
jen and jacque are worse off with burns and they wont wake.
I love what Jacque and Fane had here.
My girlfriend used to get jealous quite often.
Send pictures, play something online, such as yahoo games or role playing games.
Go online to Walden Books. They have a lot of nice books with pictures depicting positions and such.
Do you have the information I requested last week?
And she lies about absolutely everything until she absolutely cannot anymore.
This book has been everything I dreamed of, and more!
Two basketball players play in a game.
Group of participants walk behind float in Asian parade.
Three friends have fun bicycling.
Three dogs playing in a yard together.
The woman is smoking.
The man is walking.
Lovrin 515 * RO 1002 T M (6)
Serrano * ES 4705 D m (2)
A brown dog jumping in the air
Kids in costumes watch a movie on an iMac.
The kid is in the water holding on to a floating tube.
My only complaint is not enough Armani/Jin time!
It would've pushed people to take action (which I guess does anyway because they don't know he's not dead?
The daemonn can do anything BUT cannot touch his victim directly or leave the house.
Nevertheless Barker creats and changed it to give his own touch.
@McAndles1 @OldRowRumors Hoobastank goes against Christ. Shame
updating the phone's software and applications from the phone
if you want to phone, there's phones.
I bet Leslie Knope would be so happy about
A big thanks to Goodman who gave several shout-outs to Sookie, and a double thank you for giving us Callie.
I understand there's going to be a sequel, which is just as well since the ending of this gave me no closure.
I wonder who did that?
Makes you wonder about music.
@Ehsan_Kassim It's time we make the Housewares department great again
@FNC_Ladies_Rule @MichelleFields @JonathanHoenig @JessicaTarlov Can't wait to get home and see the episode.
The River Tone is about 21 m long .
It was released on November 21 , 1995 through A&M Records .
A masked steel worker in orange works on a piece of metal, yellow sparks flying.
.@nbc ends relationship with @realDonaldTrump over his disgusting derogatory remarks. This man ha no place in the White House.
my girlfriend liked it cause she got a new wardrobe out of the deal.
Good luck girl, 'cause this stuff is tough to deal with.
It's been over an hour and no word from Travis.
A Dog lying on a blanket at the end of a small boat.
its definitely a male...cos ive seen a cartoon where JERRY falls in love with a female mouse....
A baseball player throwing a pitch.
A male golfer tries to hit the golf ball out of a sand trap.
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.
There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
A man pulls a rope that is attached to a floating boat marked "Avocet Market Drayton".
A little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope.
Hutch_USA Follow ===> sarah_brannick <=== if you want to #FreeAmir #FreeAmirNow #PJNET
Just watched @realDonaldTrump speech. How embarrassing for his family! Like that's a really bad dad moment
They are husband and wife.
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
People wait to board a white train with green trim as others get off.
An Asian lady is sitting on the ground among wooden rubble, holding a stick.
A man smokes a cigarette and watches a slender Asian carrying a basket of green, mossy plants on their head.
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
John McCain is sitting and talking to two other people.
Many people busily working, watching a presentation, or talking to each other.
Jeb Bush Why Don't U Stand Up For Yr Mexican Family & Denounce Trump. Have You No Pride or Balls? #DumpTrump #BoycottTrump
And it puts everyone she knows and loves in danger.
Do you have omniscient control over everyone and all the shitty decisions they make?
Yeah, nobody wins with Boardwalk.
a man in a leather jacket holding heart balloons next to a woman walking
The girl in the purple jacket is laying in a hole that has been dug out of the snow.
A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door.
A toddler is opening the oven door of a pink play kitchen set.
a skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs.
A man is standing on a mountaintop blowing a long wooden horn.
It's the on/off button for Rachel Caine (the off button being when you take breaks or finish the book).
Are you and Ms. Rachel going to get married?
And if you think all that might prove to be a bit too much to handle for Alex, you clearly haven't met her yet!
Disliked: -The character development and description I had no idea what Alex physically looked like.
@Jeff_Nichols_82 @HillaryforIA #freedom_justice_equality_education for innovation and development to make #happy_life in Utopia
Take it easy Ed, #BernieSanders is a side show. Democrats are having some fun before getting back to reality in Nov 2016.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A person is balancing an object on his head.
Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.
Will she be able to help the rebellion?
Ahmed was well liked, mostly loved, by his people (those in the Rebellion, and those not in the Rebellion).
She redeemed herself somewhat at the end.
Flory is a young and uninitiated fairy, fending for herself with many lessons to learn about selflessness, empathy, determination, and courage.
Soccer players wearing black shirts standing along the goal line.
A girl bowling in a dark bowling alley while a movie is projected at the end of the lanes.
snow was falling behind the window.
The bird flu crisis hit the weakened company hard.
Lady Death hit her gate pretty hard.
So glad @ChrisChristie has announced his candidacy - fits right in with all the other "qualifies" republicans on the list.
@WoodenThreat @ProudInfidel33 "@HillaryClinton can't even manage @billclinton and she wants to be @POTUS" #lol
Yes, I did receive it last week.
Put money in your bag.
A dog is bringing a little soccer ball onto a human bed.
A little boy in green overalls throws up his hands in from behind the shiny restaurant table.
That sounds something like the movie.
The Ingeles's out for an hour yet.
an hour before the others.
what happens to the starlight near the sun?
The French will host a formal dinner at their embassy for the President.
This is definitely a bit trashy, but really a good read in spite of that fact.
But the pacing really drags it down.
I hope she finds her voice as a woman and becomes better at standing up for what she wants.
Wendy falls in love with a boy named Finn and meets her real parents and finds out that she is a princess.
@ac360 @ananavarro @andersoncooper #AC360 HECK YEAH BOMB THE CRAP OUT OF #IRAQ & SEND IN PROS TO RUN OIL FIELDS! @realDonaldTrump
A man practicing his driving swing.
A man takes a picture of colorful art painted on a wall.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
Tricia's got a way with words.
The only negative in this story: Simon got on my nerves a little bit.
@SoCaliMilitia1 @CzarofFreedom That God for global warming melting icebergs, never gets prosecuted for her crimes #Liberals
Man with rickshaw bike full of ripe bananas.
good for Birthday Girl Rachel Morgan.
Such a good book and a good series.
I won a big pink panther from one once, but no luck since!
MT @ProLifePolitics- Senate vote on SC Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act could come as early as Wed. Contact your senators!
@oXGodLessXo @Canuckle_head @Atheist_Roo @atxbantamathy /gags Dat face.
Jikji consists of two volumes .
The interlude consists of a silent film .
Two children or possibly young adults fixing their bikes.
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising.
Denial. It works for Hillary, why not the Mayor of #Baltimore. #DemocratLiesMatter
This is the boy that picked up the box.
I love fall out boy.
I didn't like Adam in Unravel Me and now well now I know I really really really don't like him.
Well, I need Ignite me now.
His brother Rudolf was a physiologist and anatomist .
Rudolf was a textile manufacturer in Hechingen .
A lady jumping on a trampoline with rolling mountains in the background.
A woman is riding on a horse.
A man is shooting off guns.
@GeorgeTakei One of them might even be named #ClarenceThomas. #ApologizeTakei
A little girl is playing tennis or bad-mitten.
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.
CZJ is my second pick.
A woman wearing ear protection is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range.
A young child wearing a black hat has an acoustic guitar on his lap.
When there is traffic outside, throw them at your window.
Man standing inside a room under construction.
A man speaks about a saw.
This isn't an English sentence.
It isn't the same as before.
On Pancake Day , pancake races are held in villages and towns across the United Kingdom .
It also contained the towns of Majitha and Jandiala Guru ; and 373 villages .
have you done this behind his back?
Unlike last year, this year's contestants are not that good.
They're just older women trying to have some adult fun.
I am annoyed with men trying to be someone they're not.
It is the backstreet boys fan club e-mail address.
chloroform and zipties.. late night mall parking garages..
Romance: I have to say I'm not the biggest fan of love triangles.
My opinion of a few characters however have morphed somewhat.
In fact one of them I was pretty happy I was correct.
But really all in all I enjoyed my experience with One Past Midnight.
Eleanor's own powers continue to grow, but the more she deals in black magic the closer she is to losing herself.
But there are also selfish ones, and his was definitely more on the selfish side.
.@gailtalk @trscoop Of course it was. She'll be handled every step of the way. They can't risk her unscripted.
.@DavidLimbaugh - agree put it back.. But I have a feeling it won't go away.. It will keep coming back!
The ending wasn't a cliffhanger but I can't say I felt very satisfied by it.
I can't wait for this book to be released.
A man is fishing on an inlet in the ocean.
Coming soon to @NBCSports - Muslim sports cid:7D8CC0C5-9231-4700-B63E-8CB2E0C1EC6C/22C1780B-C578-4ECD-9BE0-CA3901D4EAF6
Medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor.
A woman in blue jeans and a navy shirt bends over to attach a video camera to a deck.
He taught at the Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro and Universidade Federal Fluminense .
Saludos Amigos premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 24 , 1942 .
A man picking up stones at the beach.
A man is working on steel.
All in all, a great read.
She kicked all ass and was willing to make the ultimate sacrifice if need be.
In 2001 the census recorded a permanent population of 19,423 .
They officially recorded their debut album The Unraveling on Fat Wreck Chords in 2001 .
A Mexican man going to dig up the dirt for plants in the field.
Young boy rinsing himself off, while taking a bath.
yeah, but the fire moved forward.
The proprietor moved it to the counter.
Fisher's voice comes down from the corridor.
I just couldn't love this book no matter how I tried.
He's just a rough and tumble guy who's spent his life as a soldier, and it's made one heck of a man of him.
Hrant Dink was a Turkish-Armenian editor , journalist and columnist .
It was established on 29 October 1947 by the Turkish Jewish journalist Avram Leyon .
The ending left me with opened jaw.
Now this brings me onto the plot.
After thousands of years , the once-necessary cecum has degraded to what we see today , with the appendix .
However , there is no particular reason to identify this with what we know today as `` mass-energy '' .
A man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach and throwing a stone.
a latino teacher wearing a green shirt is trying to throw a dart in his classroom.
People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.
They know what's best for their safety.
What about his wife Hillary?
at this moment by billy vera and the beaters.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cleaning a cd.
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120
Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
Late that evening , the storm began to slowly intensify once again .
In April , they then return to the north through the west , once again crossing the Mara River .
I have watched Marry Boscoe and E.R. three times.
her face looks like it's falling to her neck.
Frost chooses, she can open a new "chapter" in their lives.
We also all remember how awkward Cat could make a situation when she opened her mouth.
Because reading the same old song and dance with different characters just get's redundant.
Sadly, my imagination and reality weren't even on the same planet.
Just so its not lost, today ISIS executed 74 children. To make it worse, our President was tweeting about basketball.
A strap across her belly monitored the contractions.
So, is that a monitored or a recorded system?
@politico is there anybody more sue happy than this fool? #trump #lawsuitabuse
Cruz-- Perry 2016 @tedcruz @GovernorPerry It's the only win-win choice
He is full of wonder.
Is that what they are calling them these days?
An asian woman and man are trying to cut a fish so it can be cooked.
a guy, with a lot of drinks in front of him, trying to be brave, what ever he is trying to do.
An older woman adding spices to food she is preparing.
A small girl puts confetti on a smiling woman's hair.
A man is putting a tattoo on a another's man upper back.
hey @Macys a whole bunch of us are going to sever ties with you. #Macys
A family moved in this house after that event...
I'm taking a little break with Mystic Falls.
break into the night when the city falls asleep.
I liked him from the start, but in this book I seriously fallen in love with him.
To that end, she became a fallen angel.
A journal simply makes for poor storytelling when the main character isn't a good storyteller, jumps around awkwardly, etc.
Some times the descriptions of fear etc.
Purchase the dvd from Best Buy.
@mailandguardian There goes the Latino vote, Donald Dumb!!
A woman practicing shooting her gun at a shooting range.
The artist chisels away at the large stone.
Like the nurse before him, the youth blanched.
RT @FutureTXLeader: Are y'all #TexasTech #RedRaiders ready for #MarcoRubio in #2016 #TTU #TexasTechUniversity #Rubio #Texas #N...
A little boy in an apron helps his mother cook.
Thank you @Macys! You are and will continue to be my favorite store! Bye bye #DoucheBag
Three dogs on the beach, one has it's mouth open.
Three old men have their hands over each other's at a grand opening.
@vendettajane Thanks for the follow, may God bless you and your family ! #freeallfour
I'll read and enjoy pretty much anything about a group of friends at boarding school so this was no exception.
This gorgeous world gifts Gemma and her friends with an intoxicating power, one which comes with both dangers and responsibilities.
In April of 1987 , on the way to a performance in Fukuoka , Misora suddenly collapsed .
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1981 and April 10 , 1987 .
The series was a slow start for me, but I enjoyed it.
I hope that my children enjoy this book as well as this whole series.
A big group of people are enjoying a public event.
A young boy jumps for joy in front of a rock formation.
Location of the property of the legal person:
Todd McCarthy of Variety wrote : `` Fey is a delight to watch throughout .
Throughout the series , Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
A woman in a brown UPS uniform is handling packages in front of people who are sitting down outside.
to get at the issues quickly and succinctly.
Quickly, my suckling, out of your clothes.
A basket player is scoring.
There was a model who was a generous tipper, typically leaving five to ten dollars.
It's about five to ten dollars for wooden, but if you wanna go all out, buy ahead.
Put on a movie or some music.
Put the light bulb in.
What more can you ask for in a paranormal romance.
So, do you want to know what I thought about it?
Three ice hockey players in black play outside.
Three cricket players in mid game.
Its text differs , however , from the written versions prepared by Lincoln before and after his speech .
Principia Discordia is a Discordian religious text written by Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley .
The little girl is being swung around by her arms.
Two woman hiking stop to admire the view.
A woman with a scared look on her face preparing for roller coaster ride.
That item is redeemable at almost any store in the United States of America.
neither the Iranians nor Europe, nor America.
And he ain't into the grid, neither.
A woman playing trains with a child.
and only an hour before Connor's pickup.
A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog's face.
Great to see my mentor @RepSusanDavis at #DCinSD. And she's right we have the most qualified candidate ever running for POTUS.
@petefrt That woman is so corrupt she can't even have a truthful thought.
The less said about him by me the better (you need to meet him for yourself!
Don't let me analysis fool you, like an oyster it's always the sand I obsess over.
Thank goodness for twitter btw because the publisher did an awful job of promoting this book!
I read the majority of this book lying in bed, with a fever, doped outta my head on cold and flu medications.
If she's accepting the gifts...watch out.
Someone wearing black shoes and a black jacket lays down at the top of the stairs.
And their new stuff isn't good.
It's like I'm going to join the Marines.
@redsteeze: Broke, as in Dead broke" Elitist Nauseating Get behind the rope Hateful Arrogant Z Ideologue Someone else add Z.
Don't you start thinking that way.
she has a whole web site of her.
I really liked the different paranormal aspects that Aimee used in this book and she was able to incorporate in in a fantastic way!
Maybe I didn't read enough of the book to like it but come on, 500 pages of this?!?!?
How can you not be affectionate for once?
-Nineteen The development of the characters in this book were off my springing likelihood but I admire how Chubs is concerned for her companions.
a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
A man in a white shirt has his index finger raised.
Abortion laws should be designed to make it harder to get an abortion. Abortion is murder!
Young woman in a costume appears to be participating in a parade or dance.
A man examining what appears to be food in a kitchen.
Two men in a city working at a construction site, with tall buildings behind them.
A man in a superhero costume, complete with mask and cape, posing in a public venue with pedestrians around.
A skateboarder approaches a ramp.
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river.
A brown and white corgi trailing a leash chasing sheep.
Nelly sings it, but its called hot in here.
she is cute and hot and sings like an angel
a little boy trying to climb up.
Children playing with a remote controlled car in a road.
I liked them but I wouldn't say I love them just yet.
Moyer's San Francisco never came alive for me, and the flat impressions of her characters provided the bearest glimpses of the world around them.
It's all of these things and more.
This is a review, after all.
Maybe I just like a stronger female lead, but I do not think that I am going to read the other two in this series.
like velvet covering hardened lava (This was the point when I decided maybe the author really needs to get laid.)
A gale is a very strong wind .
The shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong .
the kids just came out with the teacher.
In all fairness, she does have understandable reasons for being messed up.
I am a die-hard Bones fan, but I have to say Spade won me over big time.
An old worker is weaving at his textile machine.
Man tired sleeping on bench.
A cat bites a human's nose.
The album was also more experimental than previous releases , with some songs incorporating Middle-Eastern or Indian music .
The LAC is 4,057-km long and traverses three areas of northern Indian states : western , middle and eastern .
You are going to Las Vegas for the first time?
No, the Chemical Brothers definitely will.
Your mother was not feeling well and sat on the T.V.
no, its been syndicated to cable and sat tv in other cities
An older man is leaving a store with a refreshing drink.
A brunette woman taking a big bite of some food.
Black Labrador biting a brown dogs neck.
The band and Nelson produced the track .
The track is 250 metres long .
@gerfingerpoken2 he made a careless mistake, she deliberately broke many laws & still lies about it.
One of my main issues however is the number of male characters in the whole series.
For me, it was a big plus because she didn't leave town, call her Marshall buddies, and abandon all the characters I've grown to love.
buy some velour or velvet and drape from the ceiling over spa or bed
The man in the bed next to you wants to buy your slippers!!!
the darkness pushed open his eyes like a damp floss.
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground.
He'll definitely have you cheering him on.
Not that you want to - it's a gripping read.
Three dogs play by a lake.
Three people sitting down at a small table.
With the death of Pollux,Tyndareus had no heir.
This is about a cover-up of an accidental death.
no...but hey, thanks for another music recomendation!
Hey, thanks for the great stereotyping, ladies.
Each time I cried like a baby!
This is Brit and Kevin before the baby.
if the chest is touched, the red flag will be lifted.
he lifted his nose out of his chest when he hit the street.
Before Black Eyed Peas , will .
Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles .
a child is sitting next to an animal on the ground.
Two men carrying their daughter on their shoulders.
Please use for freight lines .
During the night , both armies consolidated their lines .
I've seen CSI:Miami series and I haven't seen him drinking
Foreign men outside the cafe watching others with stern faces.
Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy.
A woman holds a fork to a man's throat sitting at a table with her.
A young man takes a closeup picture of a building's red window exterior.
But the secrecy maintained around the Bastille and its prisoners gave it a sinister reputation .
Their reputation as honest , if workers , is maintained in the diaspora .
Angel picked her for a new friend.
@CheekyGent @ChuckCJohnson Hey Hillary is on her to way to buy votes too! #HillarySoOld
As of 2000 , the population was 39,685 .
There are currently 39 members of staff .
Four young guys jumping down a stairway.
A pitbull jumps to catch a flying disc.
the teachers simply came up with another game.
Up to 50 % of the interior volume of 253 Mathilde consists of open space .
The plasma window is a technology that fills a volume of space with plasma confined by a magnetic field .
A man wearing orange is painting a wall white.
I'm making the film for the scene.
@loudobbsnews Don't you just love that truth is now called controversial comments?! Has this country fallen that low?!
Remus was enraged by Romulus 's victory .
This victory brought him 2000 pesetas .
A group of protesters carrying signs and flags walk down the street.
A man with a cap and jeans is washing the window not on ground level.
but she does have a cell phone.
I started listening to this audiobook with my 12 year-old niece and she DEVOURED it faster than me!
The hero of Mboto Gorge, mad?
To enroll on Kazaa is free.
A man in construction gear is moving a large plank of wood to a new destination.
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.
and now she's gone and Elsa's inside of her.
Two men performing an experiment, that is smoking.
A boy on a mountain bike is performing on a dirt track before spectators under a tent.
on the right side he saw Reacher's vague, dark outline of buildings.
He must have been pulled to the dark side of Energico.
The Resurrectionist: The Lost Work of Dr. Spencer Black opens with a dense, interesting narrative: the biography of the dark protagonist.
Overall the story reminded me a lot of The Island of Dr. Monroe.
Do not worry about it until you are twenty five.
We only are given twenty five minutes for lunch.
the fight quickly moved beyond the palace.
plus, mixed children are the prettiest ;
Don't get mixed up with any boys.
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume
A lone little girl surrounded by adults is eating cake.
A woman walking with a phone in her hand.
Njesuthi in the Drakensberg at abbr = on 3 is the highest peak in South Africa .
It is the highest peak of the Strandzha massif and also the European part of Turkey .
An African woman is hanging laundry with two children.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and gray bar.
Learn to put that into words!
The cause of the disease is currently unknown .
Pepper is known to cause sneezing .
It is implemented simply by calling .
Others are simply kidnapped .
Six girls are forming a human pyramid in a bedroom during what appears to be a slumber party.
A female chef examining her freshly baked bread, in what appears to be a kitchen.
She... seems very off (not that she doesn't later, but I personally didn't really love her until I got to understand her.)
I can not show enough praise for these books!
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
Should that fail to suffice personally.
It is very rarely that a book can command so much of my attention and I really could not resist it, yum!
She's still living with, and teaming up with Ivy & Jenks, and she seems very unsure of herself, and her place in this new life.
I have seen them at least five times since then.
But its not my kind of thing
No, only the three-eyed kind.
man holds a line as hot air balloon is inflated.
There are so many different types of races these days.
A woman helping a child color
Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.
A yellow parasail is in the air.
Why does the magic these women have show up specifically on their 21st birthday and not at any other time?
(Rather admittedly, this summary is not as all-encompassing as my summaries usually are.
A skateboarder is doing a trick on a wooden step beside a white building.
Basically I just wish the novel and all of it's ideas/plot lines had been better executed.
Avoiding using their powers hasn't been working with them lately.
If you aren't talking to Fane then you ought to see a doctor because you are constipated a lot," Jen explained.
No pun intended, but" Jen laughed, "get it?
Ognjen Koroman born September 19 , 1978 in Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina is a SERBIAN footballer .
During the Yugoslav Wars , several Serbian Autonomous Oblasts were formed in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
It's a hard fall down these steps.
Isn't that bike hard to ride?
Despite how different they are from each other, they become like sisters pretty quickly and I loved seeing that bond.
Marriage vows are important to me.
I'll lose faith in the world if he doesn't.
A fairly perfect lead for a series; I'll definitely be getting the next book.
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.
Sedgewick plays the character similar to a female version of Columbo, but she brings her own additions to the character.
I am familiar with them, they are similar to a female version of Screamo.
RT @createdequalorg: "We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving." -J.K. Rowling #...
Mary, Help of Christians persecuted everywhere, pray for us! #HolyLove #UnitedHearts #MaranathaSnS #profamily #1m1w #marriage
To get that result, you would browse to Google Images and type "TAXI the movie" into the search bar.
Two white vehicles parked in front of Ruby's.
A man lies next to the water on a beautiful day to enjoy the great view.
A heavyset tourist reads the posted news article on the wall of an underground subway.
you would ahve to go to east st louis in illinios for that.
I feel like the series caught a much better stride in this book compared to the first book.
Source: I own a bind up of the first two books in this series.
Runners sprint down the street hoping to be first.
@ProfessorF @JessicaTarlov And deluded shows and "news" reporters are not?!
I guess NBC does not like to hear the truth.
@realDonaldTrump just so you know White people have more of a "Rapist" title, than Hispanics. #NotBeingRasist #DoResearch
An old woman is having her nails done.
People making line to make their purchase in the antique store.
One black dog is jumping off the snow filled ground.
An elderly woman paddles a boat filled with baskets of green vegetables.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Perhaps it is strange to think about sex constantly these days.
A puppy is nursing from its mother.
Stop saying other schools do an hour.
listen, we'll stop in Morskena in half an hour.
Splash the film still has you beat, since it's from genius director Ron "Opie Cunningham" Howard.
Aquamarine, the mermaid, has been washed ashore after a hurricane blows through the resort area.
I have loved all of them and can hardly wait for the next ones:).
Torpedo Ink is Viktor's Band of Brothers, the only ones who survived the training school he was sent to as a child.
Let me be friends with each other and buy a larger bed.
How am I going to last till June!
UPDATE: this is going to be a physical book this fall!
Buy those people some white socks.
Wasn't the original #ScoobyVan also full of unemployed hippies & a stupid dog, who lived to meddle in other people's business?
#DemocRAT2014Slogans: "Why work? When you can VOTE DemocRAT - twice!" #tcot
It's about the baggage attached.
It's not the same thing.
A crowd cheers on a baseball team.
There is no direct evidence of PIE , because it was never written .
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are never exposed to direct sunlight .
you asked him for breakfast?
Free market capitalism is America's best friend because of constant pressure to innovate & use resources efficiently.
Old man dozing in hospital bed.
A young ball falls asleep in a shopping cart.
That was probably the best thing that could have happened to him.
If you have read this series you are all familial with Reaver.
It was good, but not great.
Seriously, this is not the place to introduce yourself to this world.
Ballet dancers performing on a stage.
It moves continuously without end.
I saw a magazine star.
A free copy of this book was given to Ink and Page in return for an honest review.
It was my second zombie book.
your fav song or Untitled by simple plan
Several little girls are at a table painting.
Two men hugging in a blurry photo.
Most people do not type as quickly as they must.
I believe you must utilize some type of wire.
When defined this way , there are two possible remainders .
It is possible that organic molecules were concentrated on the shorelines in much the same way .
Nin, stand, nickleback are all in the last few minutes.
Problem is Annabelle did not commit the crime.
As a result I did not enjoy it as much as I thought I would.
The mountains have a large effect on the temperatures of nearby areas .
No more than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas survived the massacre .
Really, with this book, there's just a "what's next" element that hasn't existed in some time.
Vote: 3,75 Class: L-B1 (FP) (book twelfth of the Dresden Files) Another great addiction.
Jane, maybe you should start acting and thinking your age not like a teenager.
If he can't be honest with her, no matter what it is, she should leave him.
Isn't that from the Bozo show?
@gbennettpost @jamiedupree No #asstards! America is dumping you! Trump's gonna put your dicks in the dirt!
A girl in black pouring a drink into a bright red cup.
If you planted a garden you don't pull out the plants before they have a chance to bear fruit.
A pitbull is returning a stick during a game of fetch.
A man in red takes cellphone pictures at a football game.
those are the tunnels under the island.
Person doing a skateboard stunt
However, you have already received the answers you require.
I already sent in the photo but I never received a replay.
Two females running in race.
You must first specify the type of male you desire.
What made me sad was , Tahereh's turning him into a bad guy.
5 for Destroy Me, 4 for Fracture Me and Juliette's Journal.
A black and orange bird in the grass
Katy thought Blake was the one who'll be able to make her feel normal.
Not the first time I've struggled with a JLA book, and undoubtedly it won't be the last.
A young boy is working with a model that has batteries attached.
2 people engaged in samurai style combat in a gymnasium.
Yes, it is true that one sometimes loses something in love.
The website has the second song below.
Several people are standing in front of a food cart with an umbrella outside.
A man with a Mohawk and studded leather jacket carries a large load on his back.
Yes, I read that book last year for a book report.
A guy working with a power tool generates sparks.
A few couples sat on the cement landing overlooking the water.
A man cleaning a large window.
This is neither the time nor the place.
In the twentieth century , Imperial Japan expanded into China and Southeast Asia during the Second World War .
Despite its success in Southeast Asia , Theravada Buddhism in China has generally been limited to areas bordering Theravada countries .
@hughhewitt like I tweeted you way back when, #ACA software can be fixed , but GOP strategic mistake of 'repeal' can't be fixed
he fell out of the sky from the sky.
the tape had a double-color, a combination of red and black, considerably faded.
Red tape is brutal at the Agency these days.
A black man with long braids standing in front of a street booth.
A surfer just about to catch a long smooth wave on an orange surfboard.
A technician bent over fixing a machine.
Two blond female wrestlers in the ring.
Go to Rhapsody, type in the song you're looking for.
Especially if you're not the girlie type.
I don't want to spoil anything, but the man has depth.
This claptrap has been very disappointing.
The Midlands under the rule of law and justice.
- draw up a framework law on concessions.
a woman shaving a lamb while smiling at the camera.
A brown and black puppy stands by a camera.
Put sand in the Vaseline.
A little girl cutting up paper.
A man sits at a table and pours a drink into one of six glasses.
He left an apologetic message.
It's on the left side, below the big squares.
HER NAME IS RIO AND SHE DANCES IN THE SANAAAAAND!!! WHOOOO!! #tcOT
@gerfingerpoken Why is this woman like teflon? She has committed enuf egregious crimes she should B superglued 2the dang wall!
If she tells anyone, he will kill them all.
I totally like him at times, but yet he can't see that Celia will never love him the way that she loves Aric.
Maybe he only gets those kinds of scripts.
Watching him learning to get by in the human world is cute.
I felt sorry for him; it pains me to think of a child treated how he was.
It's below the big squares on the left side.
Two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field.
I like Linkin Park better than Simple Plan.
next time, he'll invent another game.
However , the next day became Friday , October 15 , in the Catholic countries : Italy , Poland , Portugal , and Spain .
Minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the Mediterranean countries Spain , Italy , Cyprus and Greece .
@KarrattiPaul @chooseliferacer And gov't $ should never go to the largest corporation that murders little babies. Defund
a group on white and balck birds lined up on a concrete wall
Five guys and a couple of girls are hanging out in a kitchen with some food.
Ha, I bet you want to see what the heck I am talking about there, don't ya??
It's this originality that made me enjoy WHAT KILLS ME.
This is a spoken word version of the article .
The Peshitta is the standard version of the Syriac Bible .
you're nice, but this isn't working.
Sea World and the Alamo.
A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.
A group of people walking through an abandoned lot to reach another destination.
A potter forms some clay object while three observers look on.
Woman in green tops is watching the dark clouds.
A man wearing sunglasses and blue top getting wet from water fountain
An older woman is speaking with a Madrid police officer.
That song is not for children.
@nytimes was that "awkwardness" or "awfulness"? I think the latter
Woman in a restaurant with a man in the background
Two men hanging out of their apartment windows.
We went to Jesus Christ home town Jerusalem.
@jimlibertarian @peddoc63 @Callisto1947 @MaydnUSA @c5hardtop1999 @surfermom77 @SMolloyDVM That's right!
A man sets in a boat in the water.
I thought the magic system was well thought out with the different elements having different consequences when the Daeva used them.
I also thought Kayan and Victor were a great addition to the story but I liked Tommas the most.
A singer is jumping up in the air while a drummer plays behind her.
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off.
A karate instructor observes his students.
An amateur band practices inside a garage.
Two guys getting drunk and hanging out.
A guy in a barber shop getting shaved.
@Macys not selling Trump because he voices his opinion.. What happy to freedom of speech.. I'll never shop at @Macys again..
Spending my fourth at taqueria with some homies. #murica
I loved it and cried three times.
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
The white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent.
A young boy is falling off a sheared sheep as a cowboy rushes to help.
#BREAKING: Greece is now in arrears to the International Monetary Fund on a payment of almost 1.6 billion | Coming To America
@kesgardner @MikeHansen613 WTF?????? The true face of #Racism & it is UGLY both inside & out
The people in winter clothing are getting ready to start skiing.
Perhaps we should start to date other people.
the three wardens moved slowly and slowly down the hill.
A train moved slowly and with great steadiness up the incline from the station.
A young woman in black is throwing a football in here home.
An older man grills on a festive occasion where a gift sits in the background.
Old car driving down the road.
A woman is writing on a post-it note stuck on a chart.
A person in a red shirt climbing up a rock face covered in assist handles.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp.
Two dogs leap toward each other on a grassy lawn.
The twins are now 6, almost 7 and Rhianwen is 5, almost 6.
The Dragon Who Loved Me 6.
Indian women in colorful Saris speak and look through material while a child sits close by.
Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.
A man stands by a wall playing a saxophone.
I am unaware if there is one around currently.
I truly like a girl but she is currently unaware of my affection.
We see each other as we are, but neither of us views the other as broken.
Then we have my bae, William.
three, no?" The soldier turned to his companion.
He's turned his dream into a plan.
At other times, it barely hits the 3 star mark.
I read it in about 3 hours, in one sitting.
A woman putting makeup on a man.
A young woman pours a shot of alcohol.
tell her she can check this one off her list and good for her
Check out Craig's List and eBay - good luck!
You don't have to be a lawyer to know the Clintons violated ethics rules.
Men converse as two men are in a bucket lift.
#ProgressiveCommandment:Criminals need short sentences & cushy jails in order to rehabilitate them!#tcot @ericbolling #Greta
People testing the gaming console called the "Wii".
A player surveys the court to inbound during a high school basketball game.
two mechanics working on a drag racing car.
A German Shepherd carries a small log in the water.
I choose Lord of the Rings because I've read it hundreds of times.
A flower stand, where flowers are being sold.
There is a man taking pictures of another man being surrounded by police in riot gear.
As of 2000 , the population was 11,814 .
This is a list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes .
Ryan Seacrest took his place.
So the blonde goes home, dyes her hair red, then returns to the store.
alot of my friends play the flute
Obama strategy: Open our borders to change our culture fundamental transformation into Tijuana!" #tcot
I loved too, that Christian's family came up with and supported the idea for him to pretend to be gay to gain Carolyn's trust.
The soundtrack to her brain is all insecurity and I found it exhausting to be quite honest.
But my children would say popey.
A young woman is awaiting the serve from her opponent.
Two kids on camel back in desert
Perhaps a DVD of Small Wonder.
You must bring up the children.
Always In My Head" by PSApp
A man reads will sitting outside.
They like American and European men.
a tennis player hits the ball.
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.
Three women playing volleyball and two are jumping to attempt to block a shot.
Students of #BaylorUniversity are y'all ready for #MarcoRubio in #2016 #BU #Baylor #Bears #BaylorBears #NewAmericanCentury #GOP
we're not supposed to start till two hours.
Not till you dance like you're supposed to!
Though they manage to kiss and touch with a little help from Damens shield, it's not the same.
I do feel sorry for Jude though.
Men dressed in drag outside a store.
The park bench is mounted into the ground.
I don't know that but it sounds pretty stupid.
If you're over the age of 17 and read much, don't bother.
Ember was an okay character, but she had her annoying moments.
It started when she was about thirteen.
Man with shirt hair and blue tie holding baby.
Four kids are climbing on a fake black bear.
two gray dogs fighting over a red toy.
An older man is jogging outside in an event.
Many of my reviews are more just a rambling compilation of thoughts.
Nope, the heroine just hates on her adoptive mother instead.
The median age was 28 years .
This award was designed by on October 28 , 2007 .
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.
Women on horse jumping over gate.
A man kicking a football on a field.
The view of a crowd in a sporting event.
a man holding an umbrella in the snow.
A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal.
A tractor loaded with parts is moving across a barren area outside.
The baby is her husbands child.
Workers in a pizzeria are preparing and serving pizza.
Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.
There's a new version of that song.
Man lying down on a table being tattooed on his stomach.
There is a girl in a Puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl.
Question isn't complete, you must determine the type of girls.
A bewildered monkey scratching his a**.
Me: "That asshole with the toupee was talking again and it was stressing me out" Dad: "Who?" Mom: "Donald Trump
@nytpolitics and will stop Illegals from killing our citizens.
HMV typically is able to order such movies.
Typically, I will visit a search engine such as Yahoo!
A young tree is called a sapling .
It is oriented especially at young people .
A young girl in a green and yellow jacket uses a microscope.
A man in a yellow jacket rides a yellow bike laden with several packages on the street.
Type his name into the search bar.
all the elevators went down quickly.
A mother kisses her littler girl.
Horse and man standing on a dirt trail.
you dress like a hooker and stand on the street corner!
Yeah, its called turning on the TV.
I love you so much, will you marry me?
A woman is showing a little boy in a green shirt how to sew.
A baby sitting outside in a highchair eating.
She also wanted a significantly larger prize fund .
Species of Paranthropus had smaller braincases than Homo , yet they had significantly larger braincases than Australopithecus .
A snowboarder catches some wicked air on the slopes as photographers capture the moment.
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.
Someone is cutting paper.
Animators also visited the Los Angeles Zoo .
That's quite gross and I'm surprised you're ok with it.
Additional tests of 150 pigs outside the area were negative .
During the series , Australia and New Zealand played additional Tests against France .
A group of people appear to be shouting or protesting.
Just so I get the good stuff out of the way before I enter my full-fledged rant.
Fairytales don't all just end in happily ever after.
My, the world changes so drastically, so quickly!
In 1971 , Tech finished 6-6 after a Peach Bowl loss .
The North Tower was completed in December 1970 and the South Tower was finished in July 1971 .
Genie as in the bottle kind.
A little boy is trying to grab hold of a pole.
Capturing the beauty around her, the lady paints a little piece of the world.
A man lounges in a wooden basin of water while eating a fruit.
Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass.
Based on my personal experience, I would say the clitoris is a win win.
Based on my personal experience, it is leo, libra, aquarius, aries, and gemini, no others.
The way you move your mouth makes a difference.
A lady sits down with her belongings in the snow.
Anything to the east?" the CO persisted.
King Sexred of the East Saxons.
Thalia was a woman who didn't need a big, strong man to save her.
The Heirs are predominantly English gentry who want to use the magic Sources to create a global English empire.
The majority of economic activity still takes place in Abidjan .
Wormwood refuses , and in retaliation takes control of the majority of the human race .
To the left and below the squares and good luck.
By any chance, is this for your band?
I think I've said all I want to say.
Already bought the next book and want to get started right away!
These noodles on my head are so hard to comb!
It turns out that Will knows a lot.
The writing (aside from the plotting) was great, and I'm hoping that book 2 will get that extra star.
Matisyahu, Kind Without a Crown
So who's talking about taking anybody off?
Two people row a boat.
She's a Gemini, and my favorite actress.
It is easier to achiever bokk, so perhaps start with that.
It's the Second State of the Union Address!
@JoeyBats19 Join Twitter Trump brigade #onethousandtweets to support message #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump
Then she sleepwalks, smth happens, they broke up and we don't even hear from him again...
She meets a new girl at school and finally makes a friend.
Two people wrestling while someone else stands above them.
A couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh.
Have their dog pick fights with mine.
Try the corner store, lol.
and she gets paid for that.
It has good old-fashioned heroes and villains, romance, and (at least when it comes to the two protagonists, Will and Claire) good character development.
her dog just wanted to pick a fight with mine.
Helped me get in touch with my inner goose.
I started the second in the series and didn't finish it, it just wasn't doing much for me.
and God made the hen and the rooster; start thinking?
The town itself was founded in 1267 .
The treatment itself may have complications .
A man in a yellow car has his hand to his forehead.
Thin wafers are of particular importance since there has been a silicon shortage in recent years .
Accordingly , recent Popes have reaffirmed the importance of Latin for the Church and in particular for those undertaking ecclesiastical studies .
A person is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
Donald Trump....you're fired, fired, & fired again!
Hercules is taken by the women to the Queen , Hippolyta .
Special care was taken to prevent women from smoking .
Zhong Ye's story was very enlightening, and it helped me to understand the 1st book better.
The descriptions of the food make me hungry.
The black puppy is being touched by a foot.
Is Satan a juggalette by chance?
The car needs gas to run.
Ice Baby by Vanilla Ice.
My wife loves my foreskin.
I have always liked those type of women.
at least not in the mid west.
she caught the shelf and fell on her.
It's easy to kill but hard to save
The Democrats are not creating Al QAEDA, they are creating A NUCLEAR ISIS. THINK ABOUT THAT.
She's gorgeous no matter her size.
A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands.
Two men, one of them with a guitar, perform at a music concert.
I do, however, have to take it in small doses.
I have a book to read," says Death.
The population in 2001 was 16,372 .
Visitor and Siddig divorced in 2001 .
This appears to be a Muslim woman with her legs in a hole.
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb.
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow.
A Woman and a man are having a conversation in the doorway.
For someone my age, it's eight bucks.
preppy girls like the sports car, but most girls it wouldn't matter.
Life isn't always like that.
parents taking their children on a silver miniature roller coaster ride at a theme park.
Select "run" and type in dxdiag.
The airplane is being photographed from above.
A man carves a sculpture with a circular saw.
The most wonderful Asian food court!
A boy carrying a black trash back on his back
Two puppies pulling on a string.
Woman on cellphone running in the snow.
Man in red looks at the butcher shop offerings for the day.
Three beach goers leave the beach on a sunny day.
I love her even more than Elena because Elena is just so entitled and such a crybaby about everything.
Not adding it to my shelves because I'm not even sure.
a man is shaping wood with a lathe in his workspace.
One dog biting at another dog's face in a grassy field.
Florida has a low population.
Two people are moving the hose as others work in the garden.
#Hillary is as transparent as a brick wall #LibertyNotHillary
Today's number is 8! That's how many years old Jesus was when he learned to ride a bike! Pretty cool dude! #USWNT #proudmom
A child wielding a snow shovel.
it's the same as in the English Pizza Hut.
A nun goes to the gynaecologist with a hamster...
Okay, baggage goes in the rear.
I really like Fall Out Boy!
S R I A F F A
C H A R E R E R E R E R
you're taking a sweater in a shop.
A young boy pounding on an anvil.
Woman sits on the curb talking on a cellphone.
I love how he recognized his wife tempered his dark (very black) side.
I actually read a chapter or two beyond that point, but my heart wasn't in it any more.
Lets say she's a blend of two types of beings.
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up.
A satisfied cat is perched beside a crystal lamp.
