a plane is taking off .	an air plane is taking off .
an air plane is taking off .	a plane is taking off .
a person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling .	a person throws a cat on the ceiling .
a person throws a cat on the ceiling .	a person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling .
the polar bear is sliding on the snow .	a polar bear is sliding across the snow .
a polar bear is sliding across the snow .	the polar bear is sliding on the snow .
the man is riding a horse .	a man is riding on a horse .
a man is riding on a horse .	the man is riding a horse .
a woman peels a potato .	a woman is peeling a potato .
a woman is peeling a potato .	a woman peels a potato .
the woman is playing the flute .	a woman is playing a flute .
a woman is playing a flute .	the woman is playing the flute .
a dog rides a skateboard .	a dog is riding a skateboard .
a dog is riding a skateboard .	a dog rides a skateboard .
a woman peels shrimp .	a woman is peeling shrimp .
a woman is peeling shrimp .	a woman peels shrimp .
a person cuts an onion .	a person is cutting an onion .
a person is cutting an onion .	a person cuts an onion .
a man is playing the drums .	a man plays the drum .
a man plays the drum .	a man is playing the drums .
a woman rides a horse .	a woman is riding a horse .
a woman is riding a horse .	a woman rides a horse .
a man and a woman are kissing .	a man and woman kiss .
a man and woman kiss .	a man and a woman are kissing .
a man is tying his shoe .	a man ties his shoe .
a man ties his shoe .	a man is tying his shoe .
a woman is using a sewing machine .	a woman is sewing on a machine .
a woman is sewing on a machine .	a woman is using a sewing machine .
a man is climbing a rope .	a man climbs up a rope .
a man climbs up a rope .	a man is climbing a rope .
a man plays the flute .	a man is playing a flute .
a man is playing a flute .	a man plays the flute .
a woman slices tofu .	a woman is cutting tofu .
a woman is cutting tofu .	a woman slices tofu .
a person plays a keyboard .	someone is playing a keyboard .
someone is playing a keyboard .	a person plays a keyboard .
a man puts some cheese on a pizza .	the man sprinkled cheese on the pizza .
the man sprinkled cheese on the pizza .	a man puts some cheese on a pizza .
the boy is playing the piano .	a boy plays a piano .
a boy plays a piano .	the boy is playing the piano .
a man is buttering a piece of bread .	a man is applying butter to bread .
a man is applying butter to bread .	a man is buttering a piece of bread .
a man puts seasoning in a bowl of water .	the man added seasoning to water in a bowl .
the man added seasoning to water in a bowl .	a man puts seasoning in a bowl of water .
a group of people sing .	some people are singing .
some people are singing .	a group of people sing .
a man is riding a bicycle .	a man is riding a bike .
a man is riding a bike .	a man is riding a bicycle .
the man is drawing .	a man is drawing .
a man is drawing .	the man is drawing .
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is cutting through an onion .
a woman is cutting through an onion .	a woman is cutting an onion .
a toy train is striking a toy car .	a toy train strikes a toy car .
a toy train strikes a toy car .	a toy train is striking a toy car .
a cat opens a drawer and climbs inside .	a cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside .
a cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside .	a cat opens a drawer and climbs inside .
a woman is brushing some shrimp .	a woman brushes some shrimp .
a woman brushes some shrimp .	a woman is brushing some shrimp .
a man is playing a keyboard .	a man plays a keyboard .
a man plays a keyboard .	a man is playing a keyboard .
a man plays the guitar .	a man is playing the guitar .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man plays the guitar .
the dog is barking at the toy .	a dog is barking at a toy .
a dog is barking at a toy .	the dog is barking at the toy .
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing guitar .
a man is playing guitar .	the man is playing the guitar .
the man is playing the drums .	a man is playing drums .
a man is playing drums .	the man is playing the drums .
a man dives into a pool .	a man is diving into a pool .
a man is diving into a pool .	a man dives into a pool .
two robots kiss .	two robots are kissing .
two robots are kissing .	two robots kiss .
a man walking down the stairs .	a man walks down a staircase .
a man walks down a staircase .	a man walking down the stairs .
a woman is grating onion .	a woman grates onions .
a woman grates onions .	a woman is grating onion .
a woman cuts up broccoli .	a woman is cutting broccoli .
a woman is cutting broccoli .	a woman cuts up broccoli .
the man is peeling an apple .	a man peels an apple .
a man peels an apple .	the man is peeling an apple .
the lady put the baby int a trashcan .	a woman puts a baby in a trash can .
a woman puts a baby in a trash can .	the lady put the baby int a trashcan .
a man is firing a shot gun .	a man shoots a shotgun .
a man shoots a shotgun .	a man is firing a shot gun .
the person is removing the scales from the fish .	a person is descaling a fish .
a person is descaling a fish .	the person is removing the scales from the fish .
the man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man .	a man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer .
a man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer .	the man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man .
an elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .	the old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .
the old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .	an elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .
the black bird is sitting on the ground .	a blackbird sitting on the ground .
a blackbird sitting on the ground .	the black bird is sitting on the ground .
red double decker bus .	a red , double-decker bus .
a red , double-decker bus .	red double decker bus .
a close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out .	close up image of a sheep with it 's tongue hanging out .
close up image of a sheep with it 's tongue hanging out .	a close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out .
a flat screen tv on the floor .	a flat-screen tv sits on the floor .
a flat-screen tv sits on the floor .	a flat screen tv on the floor .
the black dog is lying in the grass .	a black dog lies on the grass .
a black dog lies on the grass .	the black dog is lying in the grass .
a gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera .	a grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .
a grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .	a gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera .
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .	the back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .
the back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .
a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .	black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug .
black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug .	a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .
a young boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	a young boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
a train is at a train station .	a train in a station .
a train in a station .	a train is at a train station .
a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .	a little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
a little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .	a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .	a dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
a black poodle plays in the snow .	a black poodle frolics in the snow .
a black poodle frolics in the snow .	a black poodle plays in the snow .
a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .	a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
a brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .	a brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .
a deer jumps a fence .	a deer jumping over a fence .
a deer jumping over a fence .	a deer jumps a fence .
two people are playing golf on a golf course .	two people are on a golf course playing golf .
two people are on a golf course playing golf .	two people are playing golf on a golf course .
two dogs play in the grass .	two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the grass .	two dogs play in the grass .
a dog shaking off water .	a dog shaking water off .
a dog shaking water off .	a dog shaking off water .
a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .	a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .	a black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
a white dog runs on a beach .	the white dog is running along the beach .
the white dog is running along the beach .	a white dog runs on a beach .
two people walking on the beach at sunset .	two people walking along the shore at sunset .
two people walking along the shore at sunset .	two people walking on the beach at sunset .
five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .	five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps	five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .	the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
the dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .	three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
a yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .	a man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
a man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .	a yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
a white dog running on sand .	a white dog runs on the sand .
a white dog runs on the sand .	a white dog running on sand .
a dog running through snow .	a dog runs in the snow .
a dog runs in the snow .	a dog running through snow .
the black and white dog runs through the grass .	a black and white dog is running through grass .
a black and white dog is running through grass .	the black and white dog runs through the grass .
a dog jumps over a chain .	a dog leaping over a chain .
a dog leaping over a chain .	a dog jumps over a chain .
two dogs playing in snow .	two dogs play in the snow .
two dogs play in the snow .	two dogs playing in snow .
woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .	a woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .
a woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .	woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
two puppies playing around in the grass	two puppies play in the grass
two puppies play in the grass	two puppies playing around in the grass
scuba diver submerged in water .	the scuba diver is underwater .
the scuba diver is underwater .	scuba diver submerged in water .
two kids are walking on a path in the woods .	two children walking down a path in the woods .
two children walking down a path in the woods .	two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .	two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .	two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
i am ok with medical use !	i am ok with medical use ! !
i am ok with medical use ! !	i am ok with medical use !
war in the middle east .	a war in the middle east .
a war in the middle east .	war in the middle east .
there 's no chance of a fair trial .	there is no chance at a fair trial .
there is no chance at a fair trial .	there 's no chance of a fair trial .
i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .	god bless i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .
god bless i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .	i 'm not outraged , i 'm disappointed .
it depends how you define extreme .	depends on how you define " extreme " .
depends on how you define " extreme " .	it depends how you define extreme .
what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?	------ ----------- what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
------ ----------- what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?	what do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
i think you need to reread what i wrote .	you need to reread what i wrote .
you need to reread what i wrote .	i think you need to reread what i wrote .
ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !	ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
i hope everything is ok !	i hope everything is okay .
i hope everything is okay .	i hope everything is ok !
if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?	i ask again if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
i ask again if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?	if god does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .	aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .
aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .	aaa spokesman jerry cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .
after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges drew the speech to an early close .	after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges cut his speech short .
after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges cut his speech short .	after protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , hedges drew the speech to an early close .
doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .	doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .
doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .	doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .
the value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to corel .	including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to corel .
including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to corel .	the value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to corel .
but software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	but software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .	the product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to sendmail .
the product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to sendmail .	sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .
the operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .	operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .
operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .	the operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
ruffner , 45 , doesn 't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .	ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .
ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .	ruffner , 45 , doesn 't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .
" the gloves are off , " said unifi official rob o 'neill .	unifi official rob o 'neill said : " the gloves are off .
unifi official rob o 'neill said : " the gloves are off .	" the gloves are off , " said unifi official rob o 'neill .
the island nation reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .	taiwan reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .
taiwan reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .	the island nation reported 65 new cases on may 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on may 23 , making taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .
south africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids .	with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids , south africa has the world 's highest aids caseload .
with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids , south africa has the world 's highest aids caseload .	south africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with hiv or aids .
druce will face murder charges , conte said .	conte said druce will be charged with murder .
conte said druce will be charged with murder .	druce will face murder charges , conte said .
no americans were reported among the casualties , according to capt. michael calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .	none of the casualties was americans , said capt. michael calvert , regiment spokesman .
none of the casualties was americans , said capt. michael calvert , regiment spokesman .	no americans were reported among the casualties , according to capt. michael calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
and now it 's anything he wants to say , " alesha badgley , stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director , said this week .	and now it 's anything he wants to say , " confirmed stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director alesha badgley .
and now it 's anything he wants to say , " confirmed stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director alesha badgley .	and now it 's anything he wants to say , " alesha badgley , stone county nursing and rehabilitation center social director , said this week .
the national denomination of the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the u.s. branch of the 77 million-member anglican communion .	the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the american branch of the worldwide anglican communion , which has 77 million adherents .
the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the american branch of the worldwide anglican communion , which has 77 million adherents .	the national denomination of the episcopal church , with 2.3 million members , is the u.s. branch of the 77 million-member anglican communion .
police spokesman brig. gen. edward aritonang confirmed saturday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .	brigadier general edward aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .
brigadier general edward aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .	police spokesman brig. gen. edward aritonang confirmed saturday that another two had been arrested , one in jakarta and another in magelang , central java .
when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , a uc berkeley law professor .	when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , who teaches law at the university of california , berkeley .
when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , who teaches law at the university of california , berkeley .	when you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said charles weisselberg , a uc berkeley law professor .
the hearing occurred a day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , dallager , for not addressing the scandal .	the hearing came one day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - dallager - for failing to address the scandal .
the hearing came one day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - dallager - for failing to address the scandal .	the hearing occurred a day after the pentagon for the first time singled out an officer , dallager , for not addressing the scandal .
the episcopal church ' ' is alienating itself from the anglican communion , ' ' said the very rev. peter karanja , provost of the all saints cathedral , in nairobi .	in nairobi , the provost of all saints cathedral , the very reverend peter karanja , said the us episcopal church was alienating itself from the anglican communion .
in nairobi , the provost of all saints cathedral , the very reverend peter karanja , said the us episcopal church was alienating itself from the anglican communion .	the episcopal church ' ' is alienating itself from the anglican communion , ' ' said the very rev. peter karanja , provost of the all saints cathedral , in nairobi .
counties with population declines will be vermillion , posey and madison .	vermillion , posey and madison county populations will decline .
vermillion , posey and madison county populations will decline .	counties with population declines will be vermillion , posey and madison .
when the bomb exploded at the casa de españa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .	at the casa de espaa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off .
at the casa de espaa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off .	when the bomb exploded at the casa de españa , customers were eating dinner and playing bingo .
the bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn 't be prosecuted .	a woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .
a woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill .	the bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn 't be prosecuted .
their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , turned himself in in june ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with saudi forces .	their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , surrendered in june ; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with saudi forces recently .
their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , surrendered in june ; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with saudi forces recently .	their leader , abu bakr al-azdi , turned himself in in june ; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with saudi forces .
the federal trade commission ( ftc ) asked congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .	the federal trade commission asked congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam , which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic .
the federal trade commission asked congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam , which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic .	the federal trade commission ( ftc ) asked congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic .
still , the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product , merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said .	but merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " by regulators might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product .
but merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " by regulators might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product .	still , the " somewhat ambiguous ruling " might be a setback for static control depending on how it developed its competing product , merrill lynch analyst steven milunovich said .
while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-qaida .	while some other parts of africa have been used as al qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group .
while some other parts of africa have been used as al qaeda staging grounds , malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group .	while some other parts of africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group , malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-qaida .
wells ’ other series include nbc ’ s er and third watch .	wells ' other series include nbc 's " er " and " third watch . "
wells ' other series include nbc 's " er " and " third watch . "	wells ’ other series include nbc ’ s er and third watch .
bush plans to meet with israeli prime minister ariel sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , mahmoud abbas , in the jordanian port of aqaba on wednesday .	on wednesday next week , mr bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon and new palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in aqaba , jordan .
on wednesday next week , mr bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon and new palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in aqaba , jordan .	bush plans to meet with israeli prime minister ariel sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , mahmoud abbas , in the jordanian port of aqaba on wednesday .
he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at england 's university of bristol .	he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at bristol university in britain .
he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at bristol university in britain .	he explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at england 's university of bristol .
texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .	relief is in sight for texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums .
relief is in sight for texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums .	texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief .
at least 11 more cases in indiana and three in illinois are suspected .	there ’ s also at least three suspected cases in illinois and 11 in indiana .
there ’ s also at least three suspected cases in illinois and 11 in indiana .	at least 11 more cases in indiana and three in illinois are suspected .
the pill , which they call the " polypill , " would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .	the ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose , and folic acid .
the ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose , and folic acid .	the pill , which they call the " polypill , " would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid .
myanmar was formerly known as burma .	myanmar was formerly called burma .
myanmar was formerly called burma .	myanmar was formerly known as burma .
helmand province is the world 's largest opium-producing region .	helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .	helmand province is the world 's largest opium-producing region .
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program .	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program .
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program .	syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program .
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful .	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful .
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful .	the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful .
the cfe is very important for european security .	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security .
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security .	the cfe is very important for european security .
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region .	indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir .
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir .	indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .
hong kong universities collaborate with universities , businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education , business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education , business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .	hong kong universities collaborate with universities , businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006 .	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes .
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes .	the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006 .
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying .	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry .
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry .	the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying .
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n. ' s nuclear watchdog .
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n. ' s nuclear watchdog .	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .
vietnam has among the world 's strictest drug laws .	vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .
vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .	vietnam has among the world 's strictest drug laws .
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty .	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .	putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty .
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty .	russia ratified the amended treaty .
russia ratified the amended treaty .	russia ratified the amended version of the treaty .
romney announces paul ryan as running mate	romney names ryan as running mate
romney names ryan as running mate	romney announces paul ryan as running mate
gunman kills 6 in shooting at wisconsin sikh temple	gunman kills six in shooting at sikh temple in wisconsin
gunman kills six in shooting at sikh temple in wisconsin	gunman kills 6 in shooting at wisconsin sikh temple
capello quits as england manager	capello resigns as england manager
capello resigns as england manager	capello quits as england manager
romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source	romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate
romney to tap ryan as vice presidential running mate	romney picks ryan as vice presidential running mate : source
remains of 167 bodies found in mexican cave	remains of 167 people found in mexico cave
remains of 167 people found in mexico cave	remains of 167 bodies found in mexican cave
us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met	us pledge to rebuild haiti not being met
federer wins 7th wimbledon title	federer captures 7th wimbledon title
federer captures 7th wimbledon title	federer wins 7th wimbledon title
9,000 u.s. marines to leave okinawa	9,000 u.s. marines to move out of okinawa : statement
9,000 u.s. marines to move out of okinawa : statement	9,000 u.s. marines to leave okinawa
brazil 's ' pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage	brazil 's ' pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage
miami heat wins nba finals	miami heat clinches nba championship
miami heat clinches nba championship	miami heat wins nba finals
syria military police chief defects to opposition	syria military police chief defects to rebels
syria military police chief defects to rebels	syria military police chief defects to opposition
swiss tourist ' gang-raped ' in india	swiss tourist gang raped in india , say police
swiss tourist gang raped in india , say police	swiss tourist ' gang-raped ' in india
carney sets high bar to change at boe	carney sets high bar to changes at bank of england
carney sets high bar to changes at bank of england	carney sets high bar to change at boe
north korea postpones family reunions with south	north korea ' postpones ' family unions with south korea
north korea ' postpones ' family unions with south korea	north korea postpones family reunions with south
man who set himself on fire on national mall dies of injuries	man ' who set himself ablaze ' on national mall dies
man ' who set himself ablaze ' on national mall dies	man who set himself on fire on national mall dies of injuries
11 killed in chinese police station attack	eleven killed in china police station attack
eleven killed in china police station attack	11 killed in chinese police station attack
brazil tied 2-2 by england as maracana re-opens	brazil held by england 2-2 as maracana re-opens
brazil held by england 2-2 as maracana re-opens	brazil tied 2-2 by england as maracana re-opens
& gt ; cuba 's castro assumes celac presidency	cuba 's castro to take over celac presidency
cuba 's castro to take over celac presidency	& gt ; cuba 's castro assumes celac presidency
zimmerman stopped for speeding in texas , released with warning	zimmerman pulled over in texas for speeding , given warning
zimmerman pulled over in texas for speeding , given warning	zimmerman stopped for speeding in texas , released with warning
2 dead , 2 injured in nevada middle school shooting	nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting	2 dead , 2 injured in nevada middle school shooting
gunman among 7 dead after florida apartment shooting	gunman among 7 dead after fla. apartment shootout
gunman among 7 dead after fla. apartment shootout	gunman among 7 dead after florida apartment shooting
boy scouts delay decision on admitting gays	boy scouts of america delays vote on lifting ban on gays
boy scouts of america delays vote on lifting ban on gays	boy scouts delay decision on admitting gays
egypt 's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities	egypt 's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
macau gambling revenue hits record $ 38 bn in 2012	macau gambling revenue hits record us $ 38b in 2012
macau gambling revenue hits record us $ 38b in 2012	macau gambling revenue hits record $ 38 bn in 2012
egypt interior minister survives bomb	egypt 's interior minister survives bomb attack
egypt 's interior minister survives bomb attack	egypt interior minister survives bomb
egypt ' freezes muslim brotherhood assets'	egypt freezes muslim brotherhood funds
egypt freezes muslim brotherhood funds	egypt ' freezes muslim brotherhood assets'
andy murray deserves knighthood , david cameron says	david cameron : andy murray deserves a knighthood
david cameron : andy murray deserves a knighthood	andy murray deserves knighthood , david cameron says
dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central syria	'dozens killed ' in syrian air strike on bakery
'dozens killed ' in syrian air strike on bakery	dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central syria
china stocks end lower thursday	china stocks close lower on thursday
china stocks close lower on thursday	china stocks end lower thursday
driver in spanish train crash faces questions from judge	train driver in spain crash questioned by judge
train driver in spain crash questioned by judge	driver in spanish train crash faces questions from judge
philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	philippines and rebels reach ' wealth deal'
philippines and rebels reach ' wealth deal'	philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
three feared dead after helicopter pub crash	three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
israel 's peres urges return to peace talks	israel 's peres calls for return to peace talks
israel 's peres calls for return to peace talks	israel 's peres urges return to peace talks
obama set to speak on syria from white house at 1 : 15 p.m. edt	obama to deliver statement on syria at white house at 1 : 15 pm
obama to deliver statement on syria at white house at 1 : 15 pm	obama set to speak on syria from white house at 1 : 15 p.m. edt
miss new york wins miss america crown	miss new york is crowned miss america
miss new york is crowned miss america	miss new york wins miss america crown
south african icon nelson mandela hospitalized	south africa 's nelson mandela hospitalized
south africa 's nelson mandela hospitalized	south african icon nelson mandela hospitalized
egypt court orders release of mubarak	egypt court orders mubarak freed
egypt court orders mubarak freed	egypt court orders release of mubarak
women to face higher car insurance premiums	women drivers to face insurance premium rise
women drivers to face insurance premium rise	women to face higher car insurance premiums
china 's new pm rejects us hacking claims	china premier li rejects ' groundless ' us hacking accusations
china premier li rejects ' groundless ' us hacking accusations	china 's new pm rejects us hacking claims
east timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	east timor bans martial arts schools amid killings
east timor bans martial arts schools amid killings	east timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
myanmar ’ s suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	myanmar ’ s suu kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
snowden thanks russia for asylum	snowden thanks russia for granting asylum
snowden thanks russia for granting asylum	snowden thanks russia for asylum
boston bombing suspect buried in virginia	boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery
boston bomb suspect buried in virginia cemetery	boston bombing suspect buried in virginia
swiss tourist gang-raped in india	swiss tourist gang-raped in india
kenyan forces caused mall collapse	official says kenyan forces caused mall collapse
official says kenyan forces caused mall collapse	kenyan forces caused mall collapse
chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing	chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
prince charles ' compares putin to hitler'	prince charles ' compares vladimir putin to adolf hitler'
prince charles ' compares vladimir putin to adolf hitler'	prince charles ' compares putin to hitler'
snowden hits hurdles in search for asylum	snowden 's hits hurdles in search for asylum
snowden 's hits hurdles in search for asylum	snowden hits hurdles in search for asylum
nobel author doris lessing dies at 94	nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94
nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94	nobel author doris lessing dies at 94
turkish search ends as last missing miners found	turkish search ends as last missing miners found
ankeet chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	ankeet chavan granted bail to get married
ankeet chavan granted bail to get married	ankeet chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
nelson mandela dies aged 95	nelson mandela dies at age 95
nelson mandela dies at age 95	nelson mandela dies aged 95
kevin rudd sworn in as australian prime minister	rudd sworn in as australia 's new prime minister
rudd sworn in as australia 's new prime minister	kevin rudd sworn in as australian prime minister
saudi to give lebanese army $ 3 billion	saudi arabia to grant lebanese army $ 3 billion
saudi arabia to grant lebanese army $ 3 billion	saudi to give lebanese army $ 3 billion
palestinian diplomat dies in prague blast	palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in prague
palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in prague	palestinian diplomat dies in prague blast
updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon	report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon
report of two explosions at finish line of boston marathon	updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon
cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years late	cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years later
cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years later	cuba 's ' ladies ' to pick up eu prize 8 years late
blackberry loses us $ 965m in q2	blackberry loses $ 965m in 2nd quarter
blackberry loses $ 965m in 2nd quarter	blackberry loses us $ 965m in q2
investigators probe motives of lax airport shooter	investigators probe motives of los angeles airport shooter
investigators probe motives of los angeles airport shooter	investigators probe motives of lax airport shooter
outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old indian girl raped at school	outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school
outrage after indian girl , 6 , raped at her school	outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old indian girl raped at school
bradley manning-wikileaks case turns to sentencing	manning wikileaks case turns to sentencing phase
manning wikileaks case turns to sentencing phase	bradley manning-wikileaks case turns to sentencing
gunmen surround libya 's foreign ministry to push demands	gunmen surround libyan foreign ministry to push demands
gunmen surround libyan foreign ministry to push demands	gunmen surround libya 's foreign ministry to push demands
rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in ill .	rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in ill .
anthony weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	weiner falls to fourth in new nyc mayoral poll
weiner falls to fourth in new nyc mayoral poll	anthony weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
us top diplomat kerry 's wife rushed to hospital	us secretary of state john kerry ‚ äôs wife rushed to hospital
us secretary of state john kerry ‚ äôs wife rushed to hospital	us top diplomat kerry 's wife rushed to hospital
egypt votes on new constitution	egyptians voting on new constitution
egyptians voting on new constitution	egypt votes on new constitution
mandela back in hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition	nelson mandela returns to hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition
nelson mandela returns to hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition	mandela back in hospital in ‚ äėserious but stable ‚ äô condition
microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul	microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
yahoo agrees to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash	yahoo to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion
yahoo to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion	yahoo agrees to buy tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash
india starts voting in world 's largest election	india voters kick off world ‚ äôs biggest election
india voters kick off world ‚ äôs biggest election	india starts voting in world 's largest election
updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon	two explosions at boston marathon finish line
two explosions at boston marathon finish line	updated - two explosions near finish line of boston marathon
general electric posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter	ge posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
ge posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter	general electric posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
russia finds dead lawyer magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	russia convicts dead lawyer magnitsky in posthumous trial
russia convicts dead lawyer magnitsky in posthumous trial	russia finds dead lawyer magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
israel downs drone from lebanon	israel shoots down drone from lebanon
israel shoots down drone from lebanon	israel downs drone from lebanon
cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanged in prison cell	cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanging in his cell
cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanging in his cell	cleveland kidnapper ariel castro found hanged in prison cell
google unveils prototype self-driving car	google unveils concept self-driving car
google unveils concept self-driving car	google unveils prototype self-driving car
washington pot shops prepare for historic sales	washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
rio airport workers strike on eve of fifa world cup	rio de janeiro airport workers strike on eve of world cup
rio de janeiro airport workers strike on eve of world cup	rio airport workers strike on eve of fifa world cup
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
pcb appoints waqar younis as head coach	waqar younis back as pakistan coach
waqar younis back as pakistan coach	pcb appoints waqar younis as head coach
snowden sees ' no chance ' for us fair trial	snowden sees " no chance " to get fair trial in u.s .
snowden sees " no chance " to get fair trial in u.s .	snowden sees ' no chance ' for us fair trial
queen visits britain 's new prince	queen meets britain 's new baby prince
queen meets britain 's new baby prince	queen visits britain 's new prince
los angeles airport worker charged with making 9 / 11 threats	los angeles airport worker charged over 9 / 11 threats
los angeles airport worker charged over 9 / 11 threats	los angeles airport worker charged with making 9 / 11 threats
strong new quake hits shattered pak region	powerful new earthquake hits shattered pakistan region
powerful new earthquake hits shattered pakistan region	strong new quake hits shattered pak region
iran nuclear talks enter third day	iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day	iran nuclear talks enter third day
protesters gather in brazil despite concessions	protests sweep brazil despite concession
protests sweep brazil despite concession	protesters gather in brazil despite concessions
d.c. votes to decriminalize marijuana	dc votes to decriminalize pot
dc votes to decriminalize pot	d.c. votes to decriminalize marijuana
two french journalists killed in mali	france confirms two french journalists killed in mali
france confirms two french journalists killed in mali	two french journalists killed in mali
japan defends dolphin hunt after us criticism	japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from us
japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from us	japan defends dolphin hunt after us criticism
ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
us believes syrian government used chemical weapons	us suspects syria used chemical weapons
us suspects syria used chemical weapons	us believes syrian government used chemical weapons
astrazeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy bristol-myers squibb out of diabetes alliance	astrazeneca to buy bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion
astrazeneca to buy bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion	astrazeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy bristol-myers squibb out of diabetes alliance
fire in beijing kills 10	fire in beijing kills ten
fire in beijing kills ten	fire in beijing kills 10
venezuela expels three u.s. diplomats	venezuela expels 3 u.s. diplomats
venezuela expels 3 u.s. diplomats	venezuela expels three u.s. diplomats
heavy smog hits north china city , flights cancelled	heavy smog hits north china city , flights canceled
heavy smog hits north china city , flights canceled	heavy smog hits north china city , flights cancelled
egypt launches offensive against sinai militants	egypt launches offensive against sinai insurgents
egypt launches offensive against sinai insurgents	egypt launches offensive against sinai militants
un invites iran to syrian peace conference	un : iran invited to attend syrian peace conference
un : iran invited to attend syrian peace conference	un invites iran to syrian peace conference
world sends emergency relief to battered philippines	typhoon haiyan : world sends relief to battered philippines
typhoon haiyan : world sends relief to battered philippines	world sends emergency relief to battered philippines
spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe	spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
senate confirms obama nominee to key appeals court	senate approves obama nominee to key appeals court
senate approves obama nominee to key appeals court	senate confirms obama nominee to key appeals court
u.n. rights chief presses egypt on mursi detention	un rights chief presses egypt on morsi detention
un rights chief presses egypt on morsi detention	u.n. rights chief presses egypt on mursi detention
us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief	senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair
senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair	us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief
syrian rebel groups battle each other in north	syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
rocks , tear gas fly as thai protests heat up	rocks , tear gas fly as thai protests heat up
six dead in philippine restaurant blast	6 killed in philippines restaurant blast
6 killed in philippines restaurant blast	six dead in philippine restaurant blast
china army newspaper hits out at us 's prism programme	china army newspaper slams us 's prism program
china army newspaper slams us 's prism program	china army newspaper hits out at us 's prism programme
two killed in bahrain car explosion	two killed in bahrain car blast
two killed in bahrain car blast	two killed in bahrain car explosion
russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in ukraine	russia warns it will ' respond ' if interests in ukraine attacked
russia warns it will ' respond ' if interests in ukraine attacked	russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in ukraine
couple marry in the uk 's first scientology wedding	couple get married in britain 's first scientology wedding
couple get married in britain 's first scientology wedding	couple marry in the uk 's first scientology wedding
venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions	venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
venezuela lawmakers brawl over election	venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
north korea warns foreigners in south , advising evacuation	north korea warns foreigners in south to evacuate
north korea warns foreigners in south to evacuate	north korea warns foreigners in south , advising evacuation
death toll in syria now tops 100,000	death toll in syria over 100,000 so far
death toll in syria over 100,000 so far	death toll in syria now tops 100,000
over 100 dead as typhoon slams central philippines	at least 100 dead as typhoon batters philippines
at least 100 dead as typhoon batters philippines	over 100 dead as typhoon slams central philippines
what makes india vote ? jaipur lit fest debates	what makes india vote ? debate at jaipur literature festival
what makes india vote ? debate at jaipur literature festival	what makes india vote ? jaipur lit fest debates
hamas urges hizbullah to pull fighters out of syria	hamas calls on hezbollah to pull forces out of syria
hamas calls on hezbollah to pull forces out of syria	hamas urges hizbullah to pull fighters out of syria
stocks edge lower following retail earnings	stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers	stocks edge lower following retail earnings
spain approves new restrictive abortion law	spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion	spain approves new restrictive abortion law
german ambassador 's athens residence shot at	shots fired at german ambassador 's residence in athens
shots fired at german ambassador 's residence in athens	german ambassador 's athens residence shot at
napolitano elected for second term as italy president	italian president napolitano elected for second term
italian president napolitano elected for second term	napolitano elected for second term as italy president
north korea says to put us citizen on trial	north korea says detained american tourist to face trial
north korea says detained american tourist to face trial	north korea says to put us citizen on trial
mandela spends third day in hospital	mandela in hospital for 3rd day
mandela in hospital for 3rd day	mandela spends third day in hospital
murray ends 77-year wait for british win	murray wins wimbledon title ends britains 77year agony
murray wins wimbledon title ends britains 77year agony	murray ends 77-year wait for british win
pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical	pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical	pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
who is jihadi john ?	who was ' jihadi john ? '
who was ' jihadi john ? '	who is jihadi john ?
u.s. , eu widen sanctions on russia	u.s. , eu boost sanctions on russia
u.s. , eu boost sanctions on russia	u.s. , eu widen sanctions on russia
us attorney general holder resigns	attorney general eric holder to resign
attorney general eric holder to resign	us attorney general holder resigns
hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years	hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches	hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
a man with a hard hat is dancing .	a man wearing a hard hat is dancing .
a man wearing a hard hat is dancing .	a man with a hard hat is dancing .
a man is feeding a mouse to a snake .	the man is feeding a mouse to the snake .
the man is feeding a mouse to the snake .	a man is feeding a mouse to a snake .
a man is erasing a chalk board .	the man is erasing the chalk board .
the man is erasing the chalk board .	a man is erasing a chalk board .
the cougar is chasing the bear .	a cougar is chasing a bear .
a cougar is chasing a bear .	the cougar is chasing the bear .
the man cut down a tree with an axe .	a man chops down a tree with an axe .
a man chops down a tree with an axe .	the man cut down a tree with an axe .
a man is climbing a rope .	a man climbs a rope .
a man climbs a rope .	a man is climbing a rope .
a band is performing on a stage .	a band is playing onstage .
a band is playing onstage .	a band is performing on a stage .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man plays the guitar .
a man plays the guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .
a man plays the violin .	a man is playing violin .
a man is playing violin .	a man plays the violin .
a man plays the piano .	a man is playing a piano .
a man is playing a piano .	a man plays the piano .
a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .	a woman is putting flour onto some meat .
a woman is putting flour onto some meat .	a woman puts flour on a piece of meat .
the man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle .	a man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword .
a man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword .	the man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle .
a woman is cutting broccoli .	a woman is slicing broccoli .
a woman is slicing broccoli .	a woman is cutting broccoli .
a small dog laying on the bed .	a small dog is laying on a bed .
a small dog is laying on a bed .	a small dog laying on the bed .
the man is slicing a potato .	a man is slicing potato .
a man is slicing potato .	the man is slicing a potato .
a woman is putting on sun glasses .	a woman puts on sunglasses .
a woman puts on sunglasses .	a woman is putting on sun glasses .
a man dives into a pool .	a man dives into a swimming pool .
a man dives into a swimming pool .	a man dives into a pool .
the man is smashing garlic .	a man is smashing some garlic .
a man is smashing some garlic .	the man is smashing garlic .
a man is slicing an onion .	a man slices an onion .
a man slices an onion .	a man is slicing an onion .
the person is starting a fire .	a person makes fire .
a person makes fire .	the person is starting a fire .
a man plays the guitar and sings .	a man is singing and playing a guitar .
a man is singing and playing a guitar .	a man plays the guitar and sings .
a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .
a red double decker bus driving down a street .	a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .
two dogs are running in a grassy field	two dogs running through a grassy field .
two dogs running through a grassy field .	two dogs are running in a grassy field
a man eating an apple , sitting in public .	a man sits in a public place eating an apple .
a man sits in a public place eating an apple .	a man eating an apple , sitting in public .
a man practicing boxing	a man practices boxing
a man practices boxing	a man practicing boxing
a black dog walking beside a pool .	a black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
a black dog is walking along the side of a pool .	a black dog walking beside a pool .
a dog jogs through the grass .	a dog trots through the grass .
a dog trots through the grass .	a dog jogs through the grass .
there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .	a black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .	there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch .	a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
a golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	a golden retriever jumping off a wood porch .
a blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .	the blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase .
the blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase .	a blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase .
a boy is at school taking a test .	the boy is taking a test at school .
the boy is taking a test at school .	a boy is at school taking a test .
there are people out on the street .	people are out on the street .
people are out on the street .	there are people out on the street .
people are near water	people are near water .
people are near water .	people are near water
he later learned that the incident was caused by the concorde 's sonic boom .	he later found out the alarming incident had been caused by concorde 's powerful sonic boom .
he later found out the alarming incident had been caused by concorde 's powerful sonic boom .	he later learned that the incident was caused by the concorde 's sonic boom .
the company claims it 's the largest single apple var xserve sale to date .	the company claimed it is the largest sale of xserves by an apple retailer .
the company claimed it is the largest sale of xserves by an apple retailer .	the company claims it 's the largest single apple var xserve sale to date .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda 's counterpart in canada .	the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .
the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada , which serves a similar role as the fda for the canadian government .	the report shows that drugs sold in canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by health canada - the fda 's counterpart in canada .
who will succeed mr. o 'neill at hyundai is not clear .	there is no clear successor for mr. o 'neill at hyundai .
there is no clear successor for mr. o 'neill at hyundai .	who will succeed mr. o 'neill at hyundai is not clear .
bioreliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .	shares of bioreliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .
shares of bioreliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .	bioreliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .
eu ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington .	gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington , said eu ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington , said eu ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .	eu ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said gerry kiely , a eu agriculture representative in washington .
the last time the survey was conducted , in 1995 , those numbers matched .	in 1995 , the last survey , those numbers were equal .
in 1995 , the last survey , those numbers were equal .	the last time the survey was conducted , in 1995 , those numbers matched .
" we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , " the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement .	china 's foreign ministry said : " we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue . "
china 's foreign ministry said : " we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue . "	" we hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue , " the chinese foreign ministry said in a statement .
gainer said the two staff aides are " very sorry this all happened , " and the security personnel had performed " well within standards . "	the security personnel performed ``well within standards ' ' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened , ' ' gainer said .
the security personnel performed ``well within standards ' ' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened , ' ' gainer said .	gainer said the two staff aides are " very sorry this all happened , " and the security personnel had performed " well within standards . "
the upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .	they say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance .
they say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance .	the upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance , they say .
but skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .	but skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors .
but skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors .	but skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies .
de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding bloomberg	bill de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding michael bloomberg
bill de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding michael bloomberg	de blasio sworn in as new york mayor , succeeding bloomberg
google invests $ 200 million in texas wind farm	google invests 200 million usd in texas wind farm project
google invests 200 million usd in texas wind farm project	google invests $ 200 million in texas wind farm
kenya supreme court upholds election result	kenya sc upholds election result
kenya sc upholds election result	kenya supreme court upholds election result
matt smith quits bbc ‚ äôs doctor who	matt smith quits bbc 's doctor who
matt smith quits bbc 's doctor who	matt smith quits bbc ‚ äôs doctor who
israel expands subsidies to settlements	israel widens settlement subsidies
israel widens settlement subsidies	israel expands subsidies to settlements
colorado governor visits school shooting victim	colorado governor visits school shooting victim
us supreme court limits president 's recess appointments power	high court checks president 's recess appointment power
high court checks president 's recess appointment power	us supreme court limits president 's recess appointments power
chinese lunar rover lands on moon	china lands robot rover on moon
china lands robot rover on moon	chinese lunar rover lands on moon
iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline	iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline : isna
iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline : isna	iran , iaea officials meet ahead of march nuclear deadline
oil falls in asian trade	oil prices down in asian trade
oil prices down in asian trade	oil falls in asian trade
one woman is measuring another woman 's ankle .	a woman measures another woman 's ankle .
a woman measures another woman 's ankle .	one woman is measuring another woman 's ankle .
a man is cutting an onion .	a man cuts an onion .
a man cuts an onion .	a man is cutting an onion .
a woman is dancing in the rain .	a woman dances in the rain out side .
a woman dances in the rain out side .	a woman is dancing in the rain .
the man is kissing and hugging the woman .	a man is hugging and kissing a woman .
a man is hugging and kissing a woman .	the man is kissing and hugging the woman .
a man is doing trick with play cards .	a man is performing a card trick .
a man is performing a card trick .	a man is doing trick with play cards .
a woman and man are dancing in the rain .	a man and woman are dancing in rain .
a man and woman are dancing in rain .	a woman and man are dancing in the rain .
two men are fistfighting in a ring .	two men fistfight in a ring .
two men fistfight in a ring .	two men are fistfighting in a ring .
a woman is stabbing a potato with a fork .	a woman is puncturing a potato with a fork .
a woman is puncturing a potato with a fork .	a woman is stabbing a potato with a fork .
a woman plays the flute .	a woman is playing the flute .
a woman is playing the flute .	a woman plays the flute .
a group of people are sweeping water out of a house .	people are sweeping water out of a house .
people are sweeping water out of a house .	a group of people are sweeping water out of a house .
a man plays a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .	a man plays a guitar .
a man is playing a musical keyboard .	a man is playing a keyboard piano .
a man is playing a keyboard piano .	a man is playing a musical keyboard .
a man plays a trumpet .	a man is playing the trumpet .
a man is playing the trumpet .	a man plays a trumpet .
two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .	two green and white trains are sitting on the train track .
two green and white trains are sitting on the train track .	two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .
a man in a top hat rides a white horse .	a man with a top hat riding a white horse .
a man with a top hat riding a white horse .	a man in a top hat rides a white horse .
train in a station .	a train in a station .
a train in a station .	train in a station .
a green car parked at a saloon .	a green car parked outside the saloon .
a green car parked outside the saloon .	a green car parked at a saloon .
a philips flat-screen tv is shown with its two remote controls .	a phillips flat screen tv with two remote controls .
a phillips flat screen tv with two remote controls .	a philips flat-screen tv is shown with its two remote controls .
two boys playing a game of flag football .	two boys are playing flag football .
two boys are playing flag football .	two boys playing a game of flag football .
a dog jumps into the water .	a dog is jumping into the water .
a dog is jumping into the water .	a dog jumps into the water .
two dogs are running in the field .	two dogs running in a field .
two dogs running in a field .	two dogs are running in the field .
a man running on a track .	a man running track
a man running track	a man running on a track .
a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .	a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
a deer jumps a fence .	a deer is jumping over a fence .
a deer is jumping over a fence .	a deer jumps a fence .
some guy sitting on a couch watching television .	a guy is sitting on the couch watching tv
a guy is sitting on the couch watching tv	some guy sitting on a couch watching television .
there is a cook preparing food .	a cook is making food .
a cook is making food .	there is a cook preparing food .
people gathered in a room .	people gathered together in a room .
people gathered together in a room .	people gathered in a room .
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned	people are getting their clothes cleaned .
people are getting their clothes cleaned .	people getting their dirty clothes cleaned
the people are running a marathon	people are running a marathon
people are running a marathon	the people are running a marathon
a brown dog is jumping .	a brown dog is jumping
a brown dog is jumping	a brown dog is jumping .
you do not need to worry .	you don 't have to worry .
you don 't have to worry .	you do not need to worry .
you can do it , too .	yes , you can do it .
yes , you can do it .	you can do it , too .
the answer to both questions is : yes .	the answer to both of your questions is yes .
the answer to both of your questions is yes .	the answer to both questions is : yes .
you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated .	you are making this too complicated .
you are making this too complicated .	you guys are making this all waaaaay too complicated .
it 's not a good idea .	it is not a good idea .
it is not a good idea .	it 's not a good idea .
take a look at these :	take a look at this :
take a look at this :	take a look at these :
this is not a good idea .	but it is not a good idea .
but it is not a good idea .	this is not a good idea .
i was in a similar situation .	i had a similar situation .
i had a similar situation .	i was in a similar situation .
i 've had this same problem .	i had this same problem .
i had this same problem .	i 've had this same problem .
you answered your own question .	you have answered your own question .
you have answered your own question .	you answered your own question .
i don 't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .	i don 't see why that should be a problem .
i don 't see why that should be a problem .	i don 't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
it makes absolutely no difference .	no , it makes no difference .
no , it makes no difference .	it makes absolutely no difference .
i think it 's fine to ask this question .	i think it is okay to ask the question .
i think it is okay to ask the question .	i think it 's fine to ask this question .
there 's not a lot you can do about that .	i 'm afraid there 's not really a lot you can do .
i 'm afraid there 's not really a lot you can do .	there 's not a lot you can do about that .
you answered your own question .	you 've answered your own question already .
you 've answered your own question already .	you answered your own question .
can you do this ?	can you do it ?
can you do it ?	can you do this ?
how do you do that ?	how to do that ?
how to do that ?	how do you do that ?
it 's also a matter of taste .	it 's definitely just a matter of preference .
it 's definitely just a matter of preference .	it 's also a matter of taste .
i don 't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .	i don 't see why this could be a problem .
i don 't see why this could be a problem .	i don 't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
there 's not a lot you can do about that .	i really do not think there is much you can do about that .
i really do not think there is much you can do about that .	there 's not a lot you can do about that .
you got it right .	yes you got it .
yes you got it .	you got it right .
there are two things to consider :	a couple things to consider :
a couple things to consider :	there are two things to consider :
can you do this ?	so , can you do this ?
so , can you do this ?	can you do this ?
there are a few things you can do :	there are a couple things you can try .
there are a couple things you can try .	there are a few things you can do :
you got it right .	you 've got it right .
you 've got it right .	you got it right .
you answered your own question .	you pretty much answered your own question .
you pretty much answered your own question .	you answered your own question .
you are on the right path .	you 're on the right path .
you 're on the right path .	you are on the right path .
what are your goals ?	what are you goals ?
what are you goals ?	what are your goals ?
a few more point to think about :	a few things to think about :
a few things to think about :	a few more point to think about :
i 'm afraid we are out of luck in this one .	i think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck .
i think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck .	i 'm afraid we are out of luck in this one .
it 's also a matter of taste .	it 's mostly a matter of taste .
it 's mostly a matter of taste .	it 's also a matter of taste .
i had the same problem as you .	i have just had the same problem .
i have just had the same problem .	i had the same problem as you .
i 'm thinking it 's a bad idea .	i think it 's a bad idea .
i think it 's a bad idea .	i 'm thinking it 's a bad idea .
it 's not a good idea .	not a good idea .
not a good idea .	it 's not a good idea .
i had the same problem as you .	i have exactly the same problem .
i have exactly the same problem .	i had the same problem as you .
there are two things to consider :	i think there are two important things to consider :
i think there are two important things to consider :	there are two things to consider :
it 's pretty much up to you .	it is up to you .
it is up to you .	it 's pretty much up to you .
there are three options :	there are only three options :
there are only three options :	there are three options :
so think it in this way .	think of it this way .
think of it this way .	so think it in this way .
maybe this could work for you .	maybe this can work for you .
maybe this can work for you .	maybe this could work for you .
this is not a good idea .	not a good idea .
not a good idea .	this is not a good idea .
i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .	i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .
i know this is an old question but i feel i should add my 2 cents .	i realized there is already an accepted answer but i figure i would add my 2 cents .
you may have to experiment and find what you like .	you have to find out what works for you .
you have to find out what works for you .	you may have to experiment and find what you like .
i agree with the other comments .	i agree with the previous comments .
i agree with the previous comments .	i agree with the other comments .
it rather depends on which country you 're in .	that depends on which country you are in .
that depends on which country you are in .	it rather depends on which country you 're in .
this is a terrible idea .	this is a bad idea .
this is a bad idea .	this is a terrible idea .
the device plays internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of realnetworks ' rhapsody music service .	the product also streams internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for realnetworks ' rhapsody digital music subscription service .
the product also streams internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for realnetworks ' rhapsody digital music subscription service .	the device plays internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of realnetworks ' rhapsody music service .
the bush administration blames hussein loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .	the bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on saddam loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops .
the bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on saddam loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops .	the bush administration blames hussein loyalists and foreign muslim militants who have entered iraq to fight u.s. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks .
in that case , the court held that cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .	in that case , the court held that the city of cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlets .
in that case , the court held that the city of cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlets .	in that case , the court held that cincinnati had violated the first amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics .
deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it .	deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state long has coveted this piece of property , and is eager to complete the deal .
deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state long has coveted this piece of property , and is eager to complete the deal .	deirdre hisler , government canyon 's manager , said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it .
gu kailai murder trial ends in china	gu kailai 's murder trial ends in china
gu kailai 's murder trial ends in china	gu kailai murder trial ends in china
2 french journalists killed in mali	two french journalists killed in mali
two french journalists killed in mali	2 french journalists killed in mali
queen beatrix of the netherlands to abdicate for son	queen beatrix of the netherlands abdicates in favour of son
queen beatrix of the netherlands abdicates in favour of son	queen beatrix of the netherlands to abdicate for son
cia chief visits israel for syria talks	cia chief in israel to discuss situation in syria
cia chief in israel to discuss situation in syria	cia chief visits israel for syria talks
guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	guatemala 's former leader found guilty of genocide
guatemala 's former leader found guilty of genocide	guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
stones add second hyde park concert	rolling stones add second hyde park date
rolling stones add second hyde park date	stones add second hyde park concert
car bomb at swedish consulate in libya 's benghazi , no casualties	car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi , none hurt
car bomb hits swedish consulate in benghazi , none hurt	car bomb at swedish consulate in libya 's benghazi , no casualties
on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon ŕä	on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon
on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon	on war criminals and heroes : the whitewashing of ariel sharon ŕä
prominent aids researchers killed in malaysian plane crash	top aids researcher killed in malaysia plane crash
top aids researcher killed in malaysia plane crash	prominent aids researchers killed in malaysian plane crash
protests continue in tense ukraine capital	protests continue in ukraine 's capital
protests continue in ukraine 's capital	protests continue in tense ukraine capital
british teenager killed in fall from magaluf hotel	british teenager killed in magaluf hotel fall
british teenager killed in magaluf hotel fall	british teenager killed in fall from magaluf hotel
russian opposition leader under house arrest	russian opposition leader placed under house arrest
russian opposition leader placed under house arrest	russian opposition leader under house arrest
senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve	senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair
senate confirms janet yellen as next federal reserve chair	senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve
israel confirms strike on syria targeted weapons	israel officials : strike on syria targeted weapons
israel officials : strike on syria targeted weapons	israel confirms strike on syria targeted weapons
jurors find jodi arias eligible for death penalty	jodi arias eligible for death penalty , jury says
jodi arias eligible for death penalty , jury says	jurors find jodi arias eligible for death penalty
mt gox reveals 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoin haul	mt gox finds 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoins
mt gox finds 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoins	mt gox reveals 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoin haul
abbvie sours on $ 55b shire deal after tax changes	abbvie cools on $ 55bn shire deal after us tax changes
abbvie cools on $ 55bn shire deal after us tax changes	abbvie sours on $ 55b shire deal after tax changes
fifty-seven senators , including 24 republicans , have signed the letter .	of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 republicans .
of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 republicans .	fifty-seven senators , including 24 republicans , have signed the letter .
the man is playing the guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .
a man is playing a guitar .	the man is playing the guitar .
a man is driving a car .	a man drives a car .
a man drives a car .	a man is driving a car .
a man is playing guitar .	a man plays a guitar .
a man plays a guitar .	a man is playing guitar .
a number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .	a reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .
a reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .	a number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .
the boy fell off his bike .	a boy falls off his bike .
a boy falls off his bike .	the boy fell off his bike .
a monkey pushes another monkey .	the monkey pushed the other monkey .
the monkey pushed the other monkey .	a monkey pushes another monkey .
the man cut a paper plate .	a man is cutting a paper plate .
a man is cutting a paper plate .	the man cut a paper plate .
the lady chopped up the green onions .	the lady cut up a green onion .
the lady cut up a green onion .	the lady chopped up the green onions .
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is chopping onions .
a woman is chopping onions .	a woman is cutting an onion .
a dog is jumping on a trampoline .	a dog bounces on a trampoline .
a dog bounces on a trampoline .	a dog is jumping on a trampoline .
a kangroo is eating something .	a kangaroo is eating .
a kangaroo is eating .	a kangroo is eating something .
a man cuts up potatos .	a man slices potatoes .
a man slices potatoes .	a man cuts up potatos .
a woman is chopping up garlic .	the woman is dicing garlic .
the woman is dicing garlic .	a woman is chopping up garlic .
the man is eating pizza .	a man is eating a slice of pizza .
a man is eating a slice of pizza .	the man is eating pizza .
a woman is cutting meat into pieces .	a woman is cutting up some meat .
a woman is cutting up some meat .	a woman is cutting meat into pieces .
a man is dancing on the ceiling .	a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .
a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .	a man is dancing on the ceiling .
the cat played with a watermelon .	a cat is playing with a watermelon .
a cat is playing with a watermelon .	the cat played with a watermelon .
a girl jumps on a car .	a girl is jumping onto a car .
a girl is jumping onto a car .	a girl jumps on a car .
a man stares out a window .	a man looks out the window .
a man looks out the window .	a man stares out a window .
a man is mowing grass .	a guy is mowing the lawn .
a guy is mowing the lawn .	a man is mowing grass .
a passenger train waiting in a station .	a passenger train sits in the station .
a passenger train sits in the station .	a passenger train waiting in a station .
a woman pets a dog in a fenced area .	a woman pets a dog in a gated yard .
a woman pets a dog in a gated yard .	a woman pets a dog in a fenced area .
a women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .	a women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .
the man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop .	a man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table .
a man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table .	the man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop .
a red double decker bus on a city street .	a red double decker bus driving down a street .
a red double decker bus driving down a street .	a red double decker bus on a city street .
a white plane on the runway .	a white airplane is on a runway .
a white airplane is on a runway .	a white plane on the runway .
a train is on the railroad tracks .	a train on the train tracks .
a train on the train tracks .	a train is on the railroad tracks .
a black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .	a black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	a boy does a trick on a skateboard .
a boy does a trick on a skateboard .	boy doing tricks on a skateboard
the white and brown dog runs across the grass .	a brown and white dog runs across the grass .
a brown and white dog runs across the grass .	the white and brown dog runs across the grass .
two dogs are running through a grassy area .	two dogs running through a grassy field .
two dogs running through a grassy field .	two dogs are running through a grassy area .
five people standing on a sidewalk	five people on a sidewalk .
five people on a sidewalk .	five people standing on a sidewalk
a little boy jumping from one chair to another .	a young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
a young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house	a little boy jumping from one chair to another .
a black dog running through water .	a black dog is running through some water .
a black dog is running through some water .	a black dog running through water .
two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .	two women walk there dogs at a dog show .
two women walk there dogs at a dog show .	two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
a brown dog in running on grass .	a brown dog runs through the grass .
a brown dog runs through the grass .	a brown dog in running on grass .
two hockey players fighting on the ice .	two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .	two hockey players fighting on the ice .
a dog leaping over a hurdle .	a dog leaps over the hurdle .
a dog leaps over the hurdle .	a dog leaping over a hurdle .
a black and white dog is running through the field .	a black and white dog is running in the grass .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .	a black and white dog is running through the field .
a girl does a back bend on the beach .	a girl doing a back bend at the beach .
a girl doing a back bend at the beach .	a girl does a back bend on the beach .
a young girl is sitting on santa 's lap .	a little girl is sitting on santa 's lap
a little girl is sitting on santa 's lap	a young girl is sitting on santa 's lap .
a young boy jumping in the air at the beach .	a boy jumping in the air on the beach .
a boy jumping in the air on the beach .	a young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
a man and dog on a rocky seashore .	man and dog standing on rocks next to water
man and dog standing on rocks next to water	a man and dog on a rocky seashore .
three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .	three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .
three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .	three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .
a dog runs through the grass .	a dog runs across the grass .
a dog runs across the grass .	a dog runs through the grass .
three dogs running on a racetrack .	three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .
three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .	three dogs running on a racetrack .
two dogs running down a beach .	two dogs running on the beach
two dogs running on the beach	two dogs running down a beach .
a man climbing a cliff face .	a man climbs a sheer cliff face .
a man climbs a sheer cliff face .	a man climbing a cliff face .
a man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set .	a man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
a man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .	a man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set .
the woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .	a woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
a woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette	the woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
a girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .	a girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .
a girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .	a girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .
dalmation running along the beach .	a dalmation runs along a beach .
a dalmation runs along a beach .	dalmation running along the beach .
a swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool	a swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .	a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .	a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
two children in a field of red flowers .	two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .	two children in a field of red flowers .
i wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome .	i wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question .
i wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question .	i wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome .
that is not an answer .	no , it 's not an answer .
no , it 's not an answer .	that is not an answer .
if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .	that 's simple logic if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
that 's simple logic if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .	if it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
read more : you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?	you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?
you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?	read more : you have never met anyone that is pro-abortion ?
we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?	@ lustig andrei , we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
@ lustig andrei , we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?	we 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
this eclipses the old record of set in .	this breaks the daily record of set in .
this breaks the daily record of set in .	this eclipses the old record of set in .
council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?	hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?	council tax hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
obama is extreme and leftwing .	obama is part of the extreme leftwing .
obama is part of the extreme leftwing .	obama is extreme and leftwing .
who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?	refresh your memory : who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
refresh your memory : who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?	who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
david @ omsigdavid , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .	@ sozobe , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .
@ sozobe , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .	david @ omsigdavid , i think santorum 's more likely than gingrich .
thanks candy for starting the thread .	candy - thanks for starting us off today .
candy - thanks for starting us off today .	thanks candy for starting the thread .
if evidence is not provided to support a position ; then it should be rejected .	if a position is unverifiable ; then it should be rejected .
if a position is unverifiable ; then it should be rejected .	if evidence is not provided to support a position ; then it should be rejected .
edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity .	edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post .
edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post .	edited by lashl : edited to properly mask profanity .
one of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .	one of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .
one of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .	one of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .
ursel reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .	ursel reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
ursel reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .	ursel reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .
dolores mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs , colo . , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .	dolores e. mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .
dolores e. mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .	dolores mahoy , 68 , of colorado springs , colo . , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in congress .
cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .	in response to sluggish sales , cisco pared spending .
in response to sluggish sales , cisco pared spending .	cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .	while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on campbell .
while federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on campbell .	lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on campbell , though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe .
security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the microsoft founder .	a new worm has been spreading rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from microsoft chairman bill gates , antivirus vendors said monday .
a new worm has been spreading rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from microsoft chairman bill gates , antivirus vendors said monday .	security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the internet , sometimes posing as e-mail from the microsoft founder .
another shooting linked to the spree occurred nov. 11 at hamilton central elementary in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .	the latest shooting linked to the spree was a nov. 11 shooting at hamilton township elementary school in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
the latest shooting linked to the spree was a nov. 11 shooting at hamilton township elementary school in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .	another shooting linked to the spree occurred nov. 11 at hamilton central elementary in obetz , about two miles from the freeway .
along with chipmaker intel , the companies include sony corp. , microsoft corp. , hewlett-packard co . , ibm corp. , gateway inc. and nokia corp .	along with chip maker intel , the companies include sony , microsoft , hewlett-packard , international business machines , gateway , nokia and others .
along with chip maker intel , the companies include sony , microsoft , hewlett-packard , international business machines , gateway , nokia and others .	along with chipmaker intel , the companies include sony corp. , microsoft corp. , hewlett-packard co . , ibm corp. , gateway inc. and nokia corp .
agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of ragin 's address .	when ragin 's address was raided , authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines .
when ragin 's address was raided , authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines .	agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of ragin 's address .
" if you pass this bill , big brother will be watching you , " said rep. john mabry , d-waco .	" if you pass this bill , " rep. john mabry jr . , d-waco , told colleagues , " big brother will be watching you . "
" if you pass this bill , " rep. john mabry jr . , d-waco , told colleagues , " big brother will be watching you . "	" if you pass this bill , big brother will be watching you , " said rep. john mabry , d-waco .
revenues for " the hulk " came in well below those of last month 's marvel comics adaptation , " x2 : x-men united , " which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .	the hulk trailed last month 's marvel comics adaptation , x2 : x-men united , which grossed $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend .
the hulk trailed last month 's marvel comics adaptation , x2 : x-men united , which grossed $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend .	revenues for " the hulk " came in well below those of last month 's marvel comics adaptation , " x2 : x-men united , " which grossed $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend .
os angeles - ' ' the hulk ' ' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a june opening record of $ 62.6 million .	" the hulk " took in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new june record .
" the hulk " took in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new june record .	os angeles - ' ' the hulk ' ' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , taking in a june opening record of $ 62.6 million .
the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday where donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .	the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday , when donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds .
the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday , when donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds .	the senate banking committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on tuesday where donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds .
i was going to the court believing i could do this , only if i played my best tennis .	" i was believing that i was confident i could do this , but only in the case i would play my best tennis .
" i was believing that i was confident i could do this , but only in the case i would play my best tennis .	i was going to the court believing i could do this , only if i played my best tennis .
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week .	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week .
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week .	georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week .
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .	the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .
the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans 's space industry .	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry .
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry .	the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans 's space industry .
vietnam has among the world 's harshest drug laws .	vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .
vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .	vietnam has among the world 's harshest drug laws .
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .	wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief .	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency 's director general .
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency 's director general .	elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief .
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .	the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states .	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf states .
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf states .	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states .
saudis to permit women to compete in olympics	saudi women allowed to compete at olympics
saudi women allowed to compete at olympics	saudis to permit women to compete in olympics
aol says to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1.0 bn	aol to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1 billion
aol to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1 billion	aol says to sell 800 patents to microsoft for $ 1.0 bn
6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : usgs	6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : us geological survey
6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : us geological survey	6.6 quake rocks indonesia 's papua : usgs
man killed in french terror raid	man dies in french ' anti-terror operation'
man dies in french ' anti-terror operation'	man killed in french terror raid
hurricane sandy closes in on us east coast	hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast
hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast	hurricane sandy closes in on us east coast
nato condemns syria 's downing of turkish military jet	nato strongly condemns syria 's downing of turkish jet
nato strongly condemns syria 's downing of turkish jet	nato condemns syria 's downing of turkish military jet
u.s. and turkey weigh no-fly zones for syria	turkey , us weigh no-fly zones for syria
turkey , us weigh no-fly zones for syria	u.s. and turkey weigh no-fly zones for syria
rick santorum wins kansas caucuses	rick santorum notches a victory in kansas caucuses
rick santorum notches a victory in kansas caucuses	rick santorum wins kansas caucuses
iconic science fiction writer ray bradbury dies at 91	science fiction legend ray bradbury dead at 91
science fiction legend ray bradbury dead at 91	iconic science fiction writer ray bradbury dies at 91
us hands over bagram prison to afghan authorities	u.s. transfers bagram prison to afghan control
u.s. transfers bagram prison to afghan control	us hands over bagram prison to afghan authorities
mitt romney wins maryland gop primary	romney wins maryland republican primary
romney wins maryland republican primary	mitt romney wins maryland gop primary
un chief finds his voice , remains cautious on china	insight : u.n. chief finds his voice , but remains cautious on china
insight : u.n. chief finds his voice , but remains cautious on china	un chief finds his voice , remains cautious on china
rangers voted into division three	rangers voted into third division
rangers voted into third division	rangers voted into division three
thai opposition party to boycott general election	thai opposition announces election boycott
thai opposition announces election boycott	thai opposition party to boycott general election
iraq backs egypt crackdown on morsi supporters	iraq backs egypt crackdown on mohamed morsi supporters
iraq backs egypt crackdown on mohamed morsi supporters	iraq backs egypt crackdown on morsi supporters
narendra modi pledges tough stand against pakistan	india ’ s modi promises tough stance against pakistan
india ’ s modi promises tough stance against pakistan	narendra modi pledges tough stand against pakistan
egypt votes in new constitution	egyptians vote on new constitution
egyptians vote on new constitution	egypt votes in new constitution
un presses need for major boost in syrian aid	un chief presses for major boost in syrian aid
un chief presses for major boost in syrian aid	un presses need for major boost in syrian aid
obama praises mandela ' inspiration'	obama hails mandela 's inspiration effect
obama hails mandela 's inspiration effect	obama praises mandela ' inspiration'
asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of us debt deal	asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of u.s. debt deal
asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of u.s. debt deal	asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of us debt deal
mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked , five accused arrested	mumbai journalist gang-rape case : all five accused arrested
mumbai journalist gang-rape case : all five accused arrested	mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked , five accused arrested
man sets himself on fire on the national mall	man sets himself on fire at washington 's national mall
man sets himself on fire at washington 's national mall	man sets himself on fire on the national mall
us capitol hill on lockdown after shots fired	watch live : us capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
watch live : us capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired	us capitol hill on lockdown after shots fired
israeli forces detain 5 palestinians in west bank	israeli forces arrest five palestinians across west bank
israeli forces arrest five palestinians across west bank	israeli forces detain 5 palestinians in west bank
iran , atomic agency in first talks since rowhani election	iaea , iran to hold first nuclear talks since rohani election
iaea , iran to hold first nuclear talks since rohani election	iran , atomic agency in first talks since rowhani election
in pakistan , army adamant on fighting the other taliban	pak army adamant on fighting the other taleban
pak army adamant on fighting the other taleban	in pakistan , army adamant on fighting the other taliban
us cannot ' conclusively determine ' chemical weapons use in syria	u.s. sees no conclusive evidence of chemical arms use by syria
u.s. sees no conclusive evidence of chemical arms use by syria	us cannot ' conclusively determine ' chemical weapons use in syria
thai opposition protesters begin bangkok shutdown	thai protesters launch bangkok ' shutdown'
thai protesters launch bangkok ' shutdown'	thai opposition protesters begin bangkok shutdown
3 suspects taken into custody in boston bombing case	boston police say 3 taken into custody in marathon bombing
boston police say 3 taken into custody in marathon bombing	3 suspects taken into custody in boston bombing case
nypd twitter outreach backfires badly	nypd 's twitter campaign backfires
nypd 's twitter campaign backfires	nypd twitter outreach backfires badly
nazi gestapo chief ' buried in jewish cemetery'	nazi chief buried in jewish cemetary
nazi chief buried in jewish cemetary	nazi gestapo chief ' buried in jewish cemetery'
the new cold war	a new cold war ?
a new cold war ?	the new cold war
thousands evacuated in moscow metro fire	thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in moscow metro
thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in moscow metro	thousands evacuated in moscow metro fire
world 's oldest person dies in japan at 116	jiroemon kimura : world 's oldest person dies aged 116
jiroemon kimura : world 's oldest person dies aged 116	world 's oldest person dies in japan at 116
seamus heaney , irish poet of soil and strife , dies at 74	seamus heaney , irish poet and nobel winner , dies at 74
seamus heaney , irish poet and nobel winner , dies at 74	seamus heaney , irish poet of soil and strife , dies at 74
bodies of mh17 crash victims flown to netherlands	mh17 dead flown back to netherlands
mh17 dead flown back to netherlands	bodies of mh17 crash victims flown to netherlands
south africa 's mandela taken to hospital	nelson mandela taken to hospital
nelson mandela taken to hospital	south africa 's mandela taken to hospital
syria regime agrees to attend peace conference	russia : syria agrees to participate in conference
russia : syria agrees to participate in conference	syria regime agrees to attend peace conference
cristiano ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to 2014 world cup finals	ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to world cup
ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to world cup	cristiano ronaldo hat-trick fires portugal to 2014 world cup finals
u.n. security council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in gaza	u.n. security council calls for unconditional cease-fire in gaza
u.n. security council calls for unconditional cease-fire in gaza	u.n. security council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in gaza
eu declares hezbollah 's military wing terror group	eu puts hezbollah military wing on terror list
eu puts hezbollah military wing on terror list	eu declares hezbollah 's military wing terror group
gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan	gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan
gunmen kill nine tourists in pakistan	gunmen kill nine foreigners in pakistan
uk sky news cameraman killed in egypt	sky news cameraman killed in egypt
sky news cameraman killed in egypt	uk sky news cameraman killed in egypt
five charged with terrorism offences	five people charged with terror offences
five people charged with terror offences	five charged with terrorism offences
israel carrying out ground offensive in gaza	israel launches ground offensive in gaza
israel launches ground offensive in gaza	israel carrying out ground offensive in gaza
israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	israel approves new settlement homes ahead of peace talks
israel approves new settlement homes ahead of peace talks	israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
assad says syria will comply with un arms resolution	syria 's assad vows to comply with u.n. resolution
syria 's assad vows to comply with u.n. resolution	assad says syria will comply with un arms resolution
a man sitting on the floor plays a guitar .	a man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar .
a man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar .	a man sitting on the floor plays a guitar .
the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	the lady broke raw eggs into a bowl .
the lady broke raw eggs into a bowl .	the woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .	brown and white cows are eating from a trough .
brown and white cows are eating from a trough .	the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .	four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .	four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .	several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .	the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .	a man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .
a man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .	the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
a black dog is running in the grass .	the black dog is running through the grass .
the black dog is running through the grass .	a black dog is running in the grass .
a boy riding on a swing .	a young boy riding in a swing .
a young boy riding in a swing .	a boy riding on a swing .
a man helps a boy ride a bike .	the man helps the boy ride a bike .
the man helps the boy ride a bike .	a man helps a boy ride a bike .
a black and white dog is running through the grass .	the black and white dog is running on the grass .
the black and white dog is running on the grass .	a black and white dog is running through the grass .
two dogs approach each other in the grass .	two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
two dogs face off of each other on the grass .	two dogs approach each other in the grass .
a little boy is drinking from a juice packet .	a boy is drinking from a juice packet .
a boy is drinking from a juice packet .	a little boy is drinking from a juice packet .
a man at a farmers market .	a man is at a farmers market .
a man is at a farmers market .	a man at a farmers market .
three humans are walking a dog .	three people are walking a dog .
three people are walking a dog .	three humans are walking a dog .
my opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .	my opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this .
my opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this .	my opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .
but in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said vincent weafer , a security director with symantec security response in california .	but vincent weafer , security director with symantec security response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .
but vincent weafer , security director with symantec security response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .	but in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said vincent weafer , a security director with symantec security response in california .
beleaguered telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .	two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .
two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .	beleaguered telecommunications gear maker lucent technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of u.s. bribery laws in its operations in saudi arabia .
from the start , however , the united states ' declared goal was not just to topple saddam but to stabilize iraq and install a friendly government .	but the united states ' ultimate goal was not just to topple mr. hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government .
but the united states ' ultimate goal was not just to topple mr. hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government .	from the start , however , the united states ' declared goal was not just to topple saddam but to stabilize iraq and install a friendly government .
trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .	trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .
trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products .	trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil , solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products .
jordan opens first tent camp for syrian refugees	jordan opens first refugee camp for syrians
jordan opens first refugee camp for syrians	jordan opens first tent camp for syrian refugees
eurozone backs greek bailout	eurozone agrees greece bail-out
eurozone agrees greece bail-out	eurozone backs greek bailout
two blasts hit syria capital	two blasts rock syrian capital
two blasts rock syrian capital	two blasts hit syria capital
lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges	lance armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
lance armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges	lance armstrong drops fight against doping charges
iran says it captures drone ; u.s. denies losing one	iran says it has seized u.s. drone ; u.s. says it 's not true
iran says it has seized u.s. drone ; u.s. says it 's not true	iran says it captures drone ; u.s. denies losing one
hong kong set for democracy march	hong kong set for huge democracy rally
hong kong set for huge democracy rally	hong kong set for democracy march
pakistan 's musharraf charged over bhutto murder	pakistan 's musharraf charged in bhutto death
pakistan 's musharraf charged in bhutto death	pakistan 's musharraf charged over bhutto murder
a young woman is putting stickers all over her face .	a woman is applying stickers to her face .
a woman is applying stickers to her face .	a young woman is putting stickers all over her face .
a boy is playing a key-board .	a little boy is playing a keyboard .
a little boy is playing a keyboard .	a boy is playing a key-board .
blue and red plane in mid-air flight .	a blue and red airplane while in flight .
a blue and red airplane while in flight .	blue and red plane in mid-air flight .
a group of horses grazing in a field .	group of horses grazing in grassy field .
group of horses grazing in grassy field .	a group of horses grazing in a field .
group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table .
three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .	three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the union jack .
three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the union jack .	three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
a bird flies across the water .	a bird flies above the water .
a bird flies above the water .	a bird flies across the water .
the dog is running through a field .	a dog runs through a field .
a dog runs through a field .	the dog is running through a field .
one white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .	two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .	one white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
the surfer does a flip off of a wave .	a surfer does a flip on a wave .
a surfer does a flip on a wave .	the surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .	a blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
a blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .	a blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
one boy is pushing another boy on a swing .	a boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
a boy is pushing another boy on the swings .	one boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
a man is laughing with a woman	a man and a woman laughing .
a man and a woman laughing .	a man is laughing with a woman
contrary to what peoplesoft management would have you believe , oracle intends to fully support peoplesoft customers and products for many years to come . "	ellison said that contrary to the contentions of peoplesoft management , oracle intends to " fully support peoplesoft customers and products " for many years to come .
ellison said that contrary to the contentions of peoplesoft management , oracle intends to " fully support peoplesoft customers and products " for many years to come .	contrary to what peoplesoft management would have you believe , oracle intends to fully support peoplesoft customers and products for many years to come . "
special police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday in the siberian city of novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .	police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the siberian city of novosibirsk .
police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the siberian city of novosibirsk .	special police detained khodorkovsky early on saturday in the siberian city of novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .
it will take time to oust die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq , defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday .	defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq .
defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq .	it will take time to oust die-hard remnants of saddam hussein 's deposed regime in iraq , defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld said tuesday .
the research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .	the firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase .
the firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase .	the research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent .
gazans fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries	2 gaza rockets hit israel ; no injuries
2 gaza rockets hit israel ; no injuries	gazans fire 2 rockets into israel ; no injuries
england captain andrew strauss retires from professional cricket	england captain strauss retires from cricket
england captain strauss retires from cricket	england captain andrew strauss retires from professional cricket
afghan parliament votes to oust key ministers	afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers	afghan parliament votes to oust key ministers
canada approves oil pipeline to the pacific coast	canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to pacific
canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to pacific	canada approves oil pipeline to the pacific coast
ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire	ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
croatia begins countdown to historic eu entry	croatia countdowns to joining eu
croatia countdowns to joining eu	croatia begins countdown to historic eu entry
rogers , videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	rogers , videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal
rogers , videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal	rogers , videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
polar bear dna ' may help fight obesity'	polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
polar bear study may boost fight against obesity	polar bear dna ' may help fight obesity'
'fast & amp ; furious ' star paul walker dies in car crash	paul walker dead : fast and furious star , 40 , killed in car crash
paul walker dead : fast and furious star , 40 , killed in car crash	'fast & amp ; furious ' star paul walker dies in car crash
tokyo to host 2020 games	tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympic games
tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympic games	tokyo to host 2020 games
moore had no immediate comment tuesday .	moore did not have an immediate response tuesday .
moore did not have an immediate response tuesday .	moore had no immediate comment tuesday .
a dog licks a baby .	a dog is licking a baby .
a dog is licking a baby .	a dog licks a baby .
a man chops down a tree with an axe .	a man cut a tree with an axe .
a man cut a tree with an axe .	a man chops down a tree with an axe .
the man cut some carpet with a knife .	a man is cutting carpet with a knife .
a man is cutting carpet with a knife .	the man cut some carpet with a knife .
a kangaroo is eating .	kangaroo eating .
kangaroo eating .	a kangaroo is eating .
prosecutors contended that mr. durst had plotted the murder to assume mr. black 's identity .	prosecutors maintained that durst murdered black to try to assume black 's identity .
prosecutors maintained that durst murdered black to try to assume black 's identity .	prosecutors contended that mr. durst had plotted the murder to assume mr. black 's identity .
but the fbi never kept tabs on al-bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a saudi agent , the document says .	but the bureau never kept tabs on al-bayoumi — despite receiving prior information he was a secret saudi agent , the report says .
but the bureau never kept tabs on al-bayoumi — despite receiving prior information he was a secret saudi agent , the report says .	but the fbi never kept tabs on al-bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a saudi agent , the document says .
in exchange , north korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .	" in return we expect north korea to give up nuclear weapons . "
" in return we expect north korea to give up nuclear weapons . "	in exchange , north korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .
the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in norway and sweden , according to the study .	the study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in norway and sweden since the 1950s .
the study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in norway and sweden since the 1950s .	the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in norway and sweden , according to the study .
microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .	microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .
microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .	microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .	defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : they argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : they argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .	defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
but u.s. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .	but american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .
but american troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .	but u.s. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .
the government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced tuesday .	the department of homeland security announced tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on u.s. commercial aircraft .
the department of homeland security announced tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on u.s. commercial aircraft .	the government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced tuesday .
tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .	tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .
tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .	tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .
the computers were reportedly located in the u.s. , canada and south korea .	the pcs are scattered across the united states , canada and south korea .
the pcs are scattered across the united states , canada and south korea .	the computers were reportedly located in the u.s. , canada and south korea .
st. paul chairman and chief executive jay s. fishman , 51 , will be ceo of the combined company .	jay fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of st paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .
jay fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of st paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .	st. paul chairman and chief executive jay s. fishman , 51 , will be ceo of the combined company .
a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .	a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .	a nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .	some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .	some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
during 2001 and 2002 , morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of beacon hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .	wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .
wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .	during 2001 and 2002 , morgenthau said , wire transfers from just four of beacon hill 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion .
additionally , the h2210 ’ s cradle has room to charge a second battery .	the cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery .
the cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery .	additionally , the h2210 ’ s cradle has room to charge a second battery .
the standard & poor 's 500 index advanced 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .	the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx rose 6.48 points , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 .
the broader standard & poor 's 500 index .spx rose 6.48 points , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 .	the standard & poor 's 500 index advanced 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 .
knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .	espn reported that knight 's two-year deal is worth $ 2.38 million , including a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
espn reported that knight 's two-year deal is worth $ 2.38 million , including a $ 300,000 signing bonus .	knight agreed to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that included a $ 300,000 signing bonus .
also weighing on the market was news that general motors gm.n planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .	also hurting was news general motors gm.n was to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
also hurting was news general motors gm.n was to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .	also weighing on the market was news that general motors gm.n planned to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan .
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended the deadline to oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .	republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended it to oct. 17 .
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended it to oct. 17 .	republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august , then extended the deadline to oct. 17 , and they are still working on it .
imran to contest from four na seats	imran khan to contest elections from four na seats
imran khan to contest elections from four na seats	imran to contest from four na seats
a young child is riding a horse .	a child is riding a horse .
a child is riding a horse .	a young child is riding a horse .
chechen officials working for the moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next sunday 's presidential election in war-torn chechnya .	officials in chechnya 's moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .
officials in chechnya 's moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .	chechen officials working for the moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next sunday 's presidential election in war-torn chechnya .
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .	teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .	teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .
supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .	supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .
supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike .	supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend .
the american women , who are defending champions , will play in philadelphia on sept . 25 and conclude group competition in columbus on sept . 28 .	the u.s. women , who are defending champions , will play on sept . 25 in philadelphia and conclude group competition on sept . 28 in columbus , ohio .
the u.s. women , who are defending champions , will play on sept . 25 in philadelphia and conclude group competition on sept . 28 in columbus , ohio .	the american women , who are defending champions , will play in philadelphia on sept . 25 and conclude group competition in columbus on sept . 28 .
a man is playing the guitar and singing .	a man sings with a guitar .
a man sings with a guitar .	a man is playing the guitar and singing .
the lady peeled the potatoe .	a woman is peeling a potato .
a woman is peeling a potato .	the lady peeled the potatoe .
moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .	professor moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .
professor moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .	moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
wal-mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. were among the merchants posting may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .	wal- mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. posted may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .
wal- mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. posted may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .	wal-mart , kohl 's corp. , family dollar stores inc . , and big lots inc. were among the merchants posting may sales that fell below wall street 's modest expectations .
" the economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .	but the economy hasn 't shown signs of sustainable growth .
but the economy hasn 't shown signs of sustainable growth .	" the economy , nonetheless , has yet to exhibit sustainable growth .
" i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , " said junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase .	junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase , said " i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply . "
junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase , said " i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply . "	" i expect japan to keep conducting intervention , but the volume is likely to fall sharply , " said junya tanase , forex strategist at jp morgan chase .
general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at yarralumla .	maj-gen jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at yarralumla .
maj-gen jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at yarralumla .	general jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at yarralumla .
a person is folding a piece of paper .	someone is folding a piece of paper .
someone is folding a piece of paper .	a person is folding a piece of paper .
a man is preparing a hanging rope .	a man is tying a noose .
a man is tying a noose .	a man is preparing a hanging rope .
the conference board reported its u.s. consumer confidence index slipped to 83.5 in june from 83.6 in may .	the consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in june , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in may , the conference board said .
the consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in june , down slightly from a revised 83.6 in may , the conference board said .	the conference board reported its u.s. consumer confidence index slipped to 83.5 in june from 83.6 in may .
at midnight on wednesday , 68 percent of voters said " no " to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .	with 97 percent of precincts counted tonight , 68 percent of voters opposed the tax .
with 97 percent of precincts counted tonight , 68 percent of voters opposed the tax .	at midnight on wednesday , 68 percent of voters said " no " to the tax , with 97 percent of the votes counted .
a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo .	a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms .
a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms .	a woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo .
a panda is sliding down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .
a panda slides down a slide .	a panda is sliding down a slide .
a woman is playing flute .	a woman plays on a flute .
a woman plays on a flute .	a woman is playing flute .
people step off a train .	a group of people get off a train .
a group of people get off a train .	people step off a train .
a badger is burrowing a hole .	a badger is digging the earth .
a badger is digging the earth .	a badger is burrowing a hole .
a woman splits garlic cloves .	a woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves .
a woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves .	a woman splits garlic cloves .
the dog walked along the edge of the pool .	a dog is walking along a pool .
a dog is walking along a pool .	the dog walked along the edge of the pool .
a little boy is playing a guitar .	a boy is playing guitar .
a boy is playing guitar .	a little boy is playing a guitar .
a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .	a man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling .
a man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling .	a man is dancing on the ceiling of a room .
a woman is applying cosmetics to her face .	a woman is putting on makeup .
a woman is putting on makeup .	a woman is applying cosmetics to her face .
a dog napping under a small table .	a dog sleeping under a table .
a dog sleeping under a table .	a dog napping under a small table .
red sports car racing down track .	a red sports car driving quickly on a track .
a red sports car driving quickly on a track .	red sports car racing down track .
train going down the tracks .	train gliding on tracks .
train gliding on tracks .	train going down the tracks .
a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .	a woman wearing jeans , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .
a woman wearing jeans , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .
two dairy cows drinking from a pond .	two cows are drinking from a pond .
two cows are drinking from a pond .	two dairy cows drinking from a pond .
two women shopping at a clothing store .	two women in a clothing store .
two women in a clothing store .	two women shopping at a clothing store .
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	group of people sitting at table of restaurant .
group of people sitting at table of restaurant .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
three cows are grazing in a grassy field .	three cows grazing in a field .
three cows grazing in a field .	three cows are grazing in a grassy field .
red double decker bus driving through the streets .	red double decker bus driving down a street .
red double decker bus driving down a street .	red double decker bus driving through the streets .
a young girl riding a white and grey horse .	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse .
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse .	a young girl riding a white and grey horse .
a small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .	a small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day .
a small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day .	a small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .
three children stand on or near a fence .	the three children are standing on and by a fence .
the three children are standing on and by a fence .	three children stand on or near a fence .
the brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .	a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
a brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	the brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
a man crouching and holding a camera .	the crouching man is holding a large camera .
the crouching man is holding a large camera .	a man crouching and holding a camera .
two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs .	two asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .
two asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .	two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
smiling man with reflective classes .	a gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
a gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .	smiling man with reflective classes .
a white and brown dog is running over grass .	a brown and white dog is running across the grass .
a brown and white dog is running across the grass .	a white and brown dog is running over grass .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .	a boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
a man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .	a man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .
a man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .	a man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
a man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .	a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .	a man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .	a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
a wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .	a wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .	a man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
a man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .	man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
the woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .	woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .	the woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
a little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	a white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth .
a white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth .	a little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach	a woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
a black dog and a white dog playing in the street .	a black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
a black dog and a white dog play in the street together .	a black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .	children play in a pool while adults look on .
children play in a pool while adults look on .	children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .
the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .	a white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
a white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .	the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
two females jump off of swings .	two girls jump out of swings .
two girls jump out of swings .	two females jump off of swings .
a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .	a young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .
a young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .	a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .	two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .	two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
two brown dogs running together on sand	two brown dogs are running on the sand .
two brown dogs are running on the sand .	two brown dogs running together on sand
a black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .	a black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .
a black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .	a black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .
two dogs running through tall grass .	two dogs are running through a grassy area .
two dogs are running through a grassy area .	two dogs running through tall grass .
a white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .	a fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
a fluffy , white dog running in the snow .	a white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .	a woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .
a woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .	a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
people are standing on an escalator moving up .	people ride up an escalator .
people ride up an escalator .	people are standing on an escalator moving up .
hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .	a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .	hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .
a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .	the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
the man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .	a young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
go figure you 're asking me to prove a negative ?	you 're asking me to prove a negative ?
you 're asking me to prove a negative ?	go figure you 're asking me to prove a negative ?
.nazi is a slang term for the nswp .	originally posted by odins eye .nazi is a slang term for the nswp .
originally posted by odins eye .nazi is a slang term for the nswp .	.nazi is a slang term for the nswp .
fundimental difference , please ?	fundamental difference ?
fundamental difference ?	fundimental difference , please ?
they know that the video doesn 't show a gas chamber .	the bottom line is that the video clip doesn 't show a gas chamber .
the bottom line is that the video clip doesn 't show a gas chamber .	they know that the video doesn 't show a gas chamber .
there were no weapons .	of course there were no weapons .
of course there were no weapons .	there were no weapons .
they have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline .	get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline .
get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline .	they have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline .
he said at every level .	but he said every level .
but he said every level .	he said at every level .
s as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?	do you see hitler killing jews ?
do you see hitler killing jews ?	s as you wish : do you see hitler killing jews ?
so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .	furthermore i found this : so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .
furthermore i found this : so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .	so i actually read the op and guess what i found out .
there is no war in the middle east .	there is no " war " in the middle east .
there is no " war " in the middle east .	there is no war in the middle east .
i don 't want a president who ' cares ' .	don 't want a president that is compassionate .
don 't want a president that is compassionate .	i don 't want a president who ' cares ' .
proverbs john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .	john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .
john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .	proverbs john the baptist was a nazarite from birth .
and videos seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .	seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .	and videos seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment .	depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda .
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda .	depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment .
could this have been an enema ?	@ ossobuco , could this have been an enema ?
@ ossobuco , could this have been an enema ?	could this have been an enema ?
myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will return home late friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a yangon hospital , her personal physician said .	myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said friday .
myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said friday .	myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi will return home late friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
but butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .	but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .
but butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .	but butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .
north american futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .	north american stock markets got off to a slow start tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
north american stock markets got off to a slow start tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .	north american futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
several relatives of australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few balinese attended the trial .	several relatives of australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few balinese attended the trial .
several relatives of australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few balinese attended the trial .	several relatives of australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few balinese attended the trial .
congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see president bill clinton veto them .	congress twice passed similar bills , but then-president clinton vetoed them both times .
congress twice passed similar bills , but then-president clinton vetoed them both times .	congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see president bill clinton veto them .
" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin and us president george w bush . "	" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin ( news - web sites ) and president bush ( news - web sites ) . "
" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin ( news - web sites ) and president bush ( news - web sites ) . "	" today , we are trying to convey this problem to russian president vladimir putin and us president george w bush . "
other changes in the plan refine his original vision , libeskind said .	many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , libeskind said .
many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , libeskind said .	other changes in the plan refine his original vision , libeskind said .
who spokeswoman maria cheng agreed , saying : " it looks very much like an isolated event . "	" it looks very much like an isolated event , " world health organization spokeswoman maria cheng said .
" it looks very much like an isolated event , " world health organization spokeswoman maria cheng said .	who spokeswoman maria cheng agreed , saying : " it looks very much like an isolated event . "
in an interview , healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .	in an interview , ms. healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .
in an interview , ms. healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .	in an interview , healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel .	five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on friday .
five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on friday .	five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel .
sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .	sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .
sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .	sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .
on the upside , coca-cola co . ( nyse : ko - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on thursday , helped by european demand .	coca-cola co . ( ko ) reported higher profit for the quarter , helped by european demand , early on thursday .
coca-cola co . ( ko ) reported higher profit for the quarter , helped by european demand , early on thursday .	on the upside , coca-cola co . ( nyse : ko - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on thursday , helped by european demand .
u.s. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on internet fraud and abuse .	more than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an internet fraud sweep announced friday by three u.s. government agencies .
more than 130 people have been arrested and $ 17 million worth of property seized in an internet fraud sweep announced friday by three u.s. government agencies .	u.s. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $ 17 million in a continuing crackdown on internet fraud and abuse .
the union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .	the union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted .
the union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted .	the union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted .
meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .	meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .
meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain .	meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain .
london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters : " we condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . "	" we condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , " london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters by telephone .
" we condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , " london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters by telephone .	london-based ncri official ali safavi told reuters : " we condemn this raid , which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . "
ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .	ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .
ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used .	ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise .
apple computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said monday .	apple computer inc. said monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .
apple computer inc. said monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago .	apple computer 's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation , the company said monday .
cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .	cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic ' ' about a rebound .
cisco executives were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic ' ' about a rebound .	cisco executives said they were encouraged by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hoped for a rebound .
still , he noted miami must decide whether to seek acc membership for the next school year by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .	still , he noted that miami must decide whether to seek a.c.c. membership by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .
still , he noted that miami must decide whether to seek a.c.c. membership by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .	still , he noted miami must decide whether to seek acc membership for the next school year by june 30 to adhere to big east guidelines .
he urged congress to " send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law . "	" i urge congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law , " he said .
" i urge congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law , " he said .	he urged congress to " send me the final bill as soon as possible so that i can sign it into law . "
chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .	chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications .
chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications .	chera larkins , 32 , of manhattan , charged with three sham marriages , is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument .
dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .	he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research .
he said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research .	dogs , he said , are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research .
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia .
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia .	the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .	anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking .	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking .
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .	the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 .	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 .
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 .	myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 .
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .	russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .	elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded .	during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .	7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded .
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .	in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .
iran ( islamic republic of ) : iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	iran ( islamic republic of ) : iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
two reported dead in shooting at empire state building in ny	2 dead in shooting outside empire state building
2 dead in shooting outside empire state building	two reported dead in shooting at empire state building in ny
former nazi death camp guard demjanjuk dead at 91	john demjanjuk , convicted nazi death camp guard , dies aged 91
john demjanjuk , convicted nazi death camp guard , dies aged 91	former nazi death camp guard demjanjuk dead at 91
clinton warns kenya of cost of election violence	clinton warns kenya on cost of election unrest
clinton warns kenya on cost of election unrest	clinton warns kenya of cost of election violence
arkansas supreme court strikes down execution law	arkansas justices strike down death penalty
arkansas justices strike down death penalty	arkansas supreme court strikes down execution law
salvador dali painting snatched from new york gallery	salvador dali painting snatched in nyc
salvador dali painting snatched in nyc	salvador dali painting snatched from new york gallery
us , uk in pact to release emergency oil stocks	us , uk set to agree emergency oil stocks release
us , uk set to agree emergency oil stocks release	us , uk in pact to release emergency oil stocks
sheryl crow says has benign brain tumor	sheryl crow has a benign brain tumor
sheryl crow has a benign brain tumor	sheryl crow says has benign brain tumor
mali 's president hands in resignation	mali 's president formally resigns
mali 's president formally resigns	mali 's president hands in resignation
taliban pose as ' attractive women , on facebook for spying	taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on facebook to get troops ' secrets
taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on facebook to get troops ' secrets	taliban pose as ' attractive women , on facebook for spying
man sets himself on fire at breivik trial	man sets self afire outside breivik trial
man sets self afire outside breivik trial	man sets himself on fire at breivik trial
edwards acquitted on 1 count , mistrial on others	edwards found not guilty on one count ; mistrial on others
edwards found not guilty on one count ; mistrial on others	edwards acquitted on 1 count , mistrial on others
avalanche buries at least 100 pakistani soldiers	avalanche buries over 100 pakistani soldiers
avalanche buries over 100 pakistani soldiers	avalanche buries at least 100 pakistani soldiers
inflation falls to 15-month low : what the analysts say	inflation falls to 15-month low
inflation falls to 15-month low	inflation falls to 15-month low : what the analysts say
armstrong steps down from livestrong	armstrong standing down from livestrong
armstrong standing down from livestrong	armstrong steps down from livestrong
chinese stocks close higher midday friday	chinese stocks higher at midday friday
chinese stocks higher at midday friday	chinese stocks close higher midday friday
egypt 's mubarak critical	egypt 's mubarak in critical condition
egypt 's mubarak in critical condition	egypt 's mubarak critical
liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in shanghai	liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in shanghai
liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in shanghai	liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in shanghai
boeing 787 dreamliner catches fire ; stock takes a beating	boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 dreamliner
boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 dreamliner	boeing 787 dreamliner catches fire ; stock takes a beating
israel planes strike inside syria	israel launches airstrike into syria
israel launches airstrike into syria	israel planes strike inside syria
ex-first lady barbara bush leaves texas hospital	former first lady barbara bush leaves hospital
former first lady barbara bush leaves hospital	ex-first lady barbara bush leaves texas hospital
thai protesters break into army headquarters	thai protesters storm army headquarters
thai protesters storm army headquarters	thai protesters break into army headquarters
housing starts up 6.8 % in may	may housing starts up 6.8 %
may housing starts up 6.8 %	housing starts up 6.8 % in may
in shock move , obama puts syria strike on hold	obama puts syria strike on hold
obama puts syria strike on hold	in shock move , obama puts syria strike on hold
jesse jackson jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	jesse jackson jr . , wife to plead guilty to fraud
jesse jackson jr . , wife to plead guilty to fraud	jesse jackson jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
north korea conducts third nuclear test	north korea confirms third nuclear test
north korea confirms third nuclear test	north korea conducts third nuclear test
amazon 's bezos to buy the washington post for $ 250 million	amazon 's bezos buys washington post for $ 250-m
amazon 's bezos buys washington post for $ 250-m	amazon 's bezos to buy the washington post for $ 250 million
exclusive-update 2-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	exclusive-update 1-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
exclusive-update 1-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	exclusive-update 2-egypt pro-mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
tony abbott sworn in as new australian pm	tony abbott sworn in as australia pm
tony abbott sworn in as australia pm	tony abbott sworn in as new australian pm
us stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
stocks fall on third day of government shutdown	us stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
13 children die in fire myanmar mosque fire	myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque	13 children die in fire myanmar mosque fire
maldives holds fresh election for president	maldives holds fresh presidential election
maldives holds fresh presidential election	maldives holds fresh election for president
egypt crackdown draws condemnation	egypt : egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
egypt : egypt crackdown sparks global outrage	egypt crackdown draws condemnation
car bomb kills 20 in northwest syria	car bomb in northern syria kills 20
car bomb in northern syria kills 20	car bomb kills 20 in northwest syria
obama travels to tornado-ravaged oklahoma	obama visits tornado hit oklahoma
obama visits tornado hit oklahoma	obama travels to tornado-ravaged oklahoma
israeli minister slams kerry 's boycott warning	israeli minister slams kerry ’ s boycott warning
israeli minister slams kerry ’ s boycott warning	israeli minister slams kerry 's boycott warning
three die after car crash at tian 'anmen	three killed in crash at tiananmen square
three killed in crash at tiananmen square	three die after car crash at tian 'anmen
renowned spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies	spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies at 66
spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies at 66	renowned spanish flamenco guitarist paco de lucia dies
lebanon 's pm forms ' unity cabinet ' lebanon 's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office , taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	beirut : lebanon 's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday , including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
beirut : lebanon 's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday , including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over	lebanon 's pm forms ' unity cabinet ' lebanon 's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office , taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
world 's oldest man dies at 116	world 's oldest ever man dies aged 116
world 's oldest ever man dies aged 116	world 's oldest man dies at 116
swiss vote on highest minimum wage	swiss cast ballots on world 's highest minimum wage
swiss cast ballots on world 's highest minimum wage	swiss vote on highest minimum wage
n. korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle	north korea 's kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
north korea 's kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle	n. korea 's kim hails execution of powerful uncle
iron lady margaret thatcher dies at 87	former british pm margaret thatcher dies at 87
former british pm margaret thatcher dies at 87	iron lady margaret thatcher dies at 87
u.n. condemns ethnic killings in south sudan oil town	un condemns ethnic killings in south sudan
un condemns ethnic killings in south sudan	u.n. condemns ethnic killings in south sudan oil town
syrian army retakes crusader castle from rebels	syrian army retakes historic crusader castle
syrian army retakes historic crusader castle	syrian army retakes crusader castle from rebels
teenage girl killed in east london shereka marsh was shot in the neck , police say	hackney shooting : teenager shereka marsh ' bled to death after being shot in neck'
hackney shooting : teenager shereka marsh ' bled to death after being shot in neck'	teenage girl killed in east london shereka marsh was shot in the neck , police say
deaf customers sue starbucks , say they 're mocked	deaf ny starbucks patrons sue , say they 're mocked
deaf ny starbucks patrons sue , say they 're mocked	deaf customers sue starbucks , say they 're mocked
us believes syria has probably used chemical weapons	us believes syrian government used chemical weapons
us believes syrian government used chemical weapons	us believes syria has probably used chemical weapons
janet yellen to become first woman to lead the federal reserve	us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief
us senate confirms janet yellen as us federal reserve chief	janet yellen to become first woman to lead the federal reserve
iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	iran , world powers agree nuclear deal
iran , world powers agree nuclear deal	iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
judge oks force-feeding california inmates	u.s. judge approves force-feeding californian inmates on hunger strik
u.s. judge approves force-feeding californian inmates on hunger strik	judge oks force-feeding california inmates
bangladesh islamists rally against atheist bloggers	bangladeshi islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
bangladeshi islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers	bangladesh islamists rally against atheist bloggers
thousands rally to support embattled tunisia government	thousands gather to support islamist government in tunisia
thousands gather to support islamist government in tunisia	thousands rally to support embattled tunisia government
obama to meet privately with family of nelson mandela	obama to meet with mandela family
obama to meet with mandela family	obama to meet privately with family of nelson mandela
deadly clashes as egypt marks anniversary	violent clashes mark anniversary of egypt uprising
violent clashes mark anniversary of egypt uprising	deadly clashes as egypt marks anniversary
syrian opposition offers assad truce in homs for duration of ramadan	syrian opposition offers assad 's forces truce for duration of ramadan
syrian opposition offers assad 's forces truce for duration of ramadan	syrian opposition offers assad truce in homs for duration of ramadan
westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in nairobi	westgate attackers spent four months planning in nairobi , says official
westgate attackers spent four months planning in nairobi , says official	westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in nairobi
australia returns asylum seekers to sri lanka in sea transfer	australia : australia hands asylum-seekers back to sri lanka
australia : australia hands asylum-seekers back to sri lanka	australia returns asylum seekers to sri lanka in sea transfer
australian pm kevin rudd calls election for 7 september	australian pm rudd calls sept . 7 poll
australian pm rudd calls sept . 7 poll	australian pm kevin rudd calls election for 7 september
bone fragment ' could be king alfred'	remains in winchester could be king alfred the great
remains in winchester could be king alfred the great	bone fragment ' could be king alfred'
israel frees palestinian prisoners	israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners
israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners	israel frees palestinian prisoners
israel and hamas to observe brief gaza truce	israel and hamas ' accept temporary truce'
israel and hamas ' accept temporary truce'	israel and hamas to observe brief gaza truce
detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : u.s. judge	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection	detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : u.s. judge
south korean president sorry for ferry response	s. korean president ' sorry ' for ferry disaster
s. korean president ' sorry ' for ferry disaster	south korean president sorry for ferry response
elephants are walking down a trail .	a herd of elephants are walking along a trail .
a herd of elephants are walking along a trail .	elephants are walking down a trail .
sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees .	sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees .
sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees .	sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees .
large white cruise ship floating on water .	large cruise ship floating on the water .
large cruise ship floating on the water .	large white cruise ship floating on water .
two gray dogs run together over the green grass .	two grey dogs running in green grass .
two grey dogs running in green grass .	two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .	a man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
a man and two boys jump on a trampoline .	the man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
two young girls hug each other in the grass .	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground	two young girls hug each other in the grass .
two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .	two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .
two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .	two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
a young boy jumping into a lake .	the boy is jumping into a lake .
the boy is jumping into a lake .	a young boy jumping into a lake .
a white dog is running through the water at a beach	a white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
a white dog is running through the water onto the shore .	a white dog is running through the water at a beach
two beige dogs play in the grass .	two tan dogs play in the grass
two tan dogs play in the grass	two beige dogs play in the grass .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down	a girl poses with her head upside down .
a girl poses with her head upside down .	a young girl smiling with her head upside down
a man is enjoying watching three asian children dance .	a man is watching three asian kids dance .
a man is watching three asian kids dance .	a man is enjoying watching three asian children dance .
one football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team .	a football player attempts a tackle .
a football player attempts a tackle .	one football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team .
a lady and her daughter look through a microscope .	a girl and a lady both looking through a microscope .
a girl and a lady both looking through a microscope .	a lady and her daughter look through a microscope .
a woman is in the bathroom .	the woman is in a bathroom .
the woman is in a bathroom .	a woman is in the bathroom .
the man without a shirt is jumping .	the man jumping is not wearing a shirt .
the man jumping is not wearing a shirt .	the man without a shirt is jumping .
also in mosul , rebel gunmen on friday assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .	near a mosque in the northern town of mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
near a mosque in the northern town of mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .	also in mosul , rebel gunmen on friday assassinated a sunni muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
paul themba nyathi , an mdc spokesman , said the avenues clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .	mdc spokesperson paul themba nyathi said the avenues clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .
mdc spokesperson paul themba nyathi said the avenues clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .	paul themba nyathi , an mdc spokesman , said the avenues clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .
fbi agents arrested a former partner of big four accounting firm ernst & young erny.ul on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , u.s. officials said on thursday .	a former partner of accountancy firm ernst & young was yesterday arrested by fbi agents in the us on charges of obstructing federal investigations .
a former partner of accountancy firm ernst & young was yesterday arrested by fbi agents in the us on charges of obstructing federal investigations .	fbi agents arrested a former partner of big four accounting firm ernst & young erny.ul on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , u.s. officials said on thursday .
coty launches $ 10 billion bid for rival avon	coty bids $ 10 billion for avon
coty bids $ 10 billion for avon	coty launches $ 10 billion bid for rival avon
mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president	mohamed morsi sworn in as egypt 's president
mohamed morsi sworn in as egypt 's president	mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president
south korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	s. korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
s. korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low	south korean economic growth falls to 3-year low
london marathon observes silence for boston bomb victims	london marathon observes silence for boston victims
london marathon observes silence for boston victims	london marathon observes silence for boston bomb victims
new world trade centre tallest building in us	one world trade center named tallest us building
one world trade center named tallest us building	new world trade centre tallest building in us
biden calls for trust in us-china relations	biden calls for trust in building ‘ new relationship ’ with china
biden calls for trust in building ‘ new relationship ’ with china	biden calls for trust in us-china relations
michelle obama to star in parks and recreation	michelle obama to appear on ' parks and recreation'
michelle obama to appear on ' parks and recreation'	michelle obama to star in parks and recreation
major fire breaks out in jk secretariat in srinagar	fire breaks out near secretariat in srinagar
fire breaks out near secretariat in srinagar	major fire breaks out in jk secretariat in srinagar
australia cuts rates to record low	australia cuts interest rates to record low
australia cuts interest rates to record low	australia cuts rates to record low
world 's oldest man dies at 116	japan : world 's oldest man ever dies aged 116
japan : world 's oldest man ever dies aged 116	world 's oldest man dies at 116
the man is eating .	a man is eating food .
a man is eating food .	the man is eating .
a person is slicing onions .	someone is slicing an onion .
someone is slicing an onion .	a person is slicing onions .
two dogs and one cat sitting on couch .	two dogs and a cat resting on a couch .
two dogs and a cat resting on a couch .	two dogs and one cat sitting on couch .
three goats are being rounded up by a dog .	three goats are chased by a dog .
three goats are chased by a dog .	three goats are being rounded up by a dog .
a blue bird standing on a lawn .	blue bird standing on green grass .
blue bird standing on green grass .	a blue bird standing on a lawn .
the train sits at the train station .	a train parked at a train station .
a train parked at a train station .	the train sits at the train station .
the two dogs are playing in the yard .	two dogs are playing on the grass .
two dogs are playing on the grass .	the two dogs are playing in the yard .
four children are playing on a trampoline .	four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
four kids are jumping on a trampoline .	four children are playing on a trampoline .
a black dog running into the water .	a black dog running through water .
a black dog running through water .	a black dog running into the water .
a man and a dog on rocks on a beach .	a man and dog on a rocky seashore .
a man and dog on a rocky seashore .	a man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
two brown dogs runs through the water .	two brown dogs running through water .
two brown dogs running through water .	two brown dogs runs through the water .
a man climbing a rock-face .	a man is climbing a rock wall .
a man is climbing a rock wall .	a man climbing a rock-face .
two black dogs are playing on the grass .	two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .
two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .	two black dogs are playing on the grass .
a man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .	a surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean .
a surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean .	a man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
a young person deep in thought .	a young man deep in thought .
a young man deep in thought .	a young person deep in thought .
one witness told anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .	one witness told the anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .
one witness told the anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .	one witness told anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .
there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .	there were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .
there were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .	there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .
" the discovery that the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , " it said in a statement .	the researchers say that the fact the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation .
the researchers say that the fact the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation .	" the discovery that the map bug is present in the vast majority of crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , " it said in a statement .
on health care , the ndp says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .	the new democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums .
the new democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums .	on health care , the ndp says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums .
denver shooting : police to detonate devices in suspect 's home	police to detonate devices in colorado shooting suspect 's home
police to detonate devices in colorado shooting suspect 's home	denver shooting : police to detonate devices in suspect 's home
nelson mandela in hospital for tests	south africa : mandela in hospital for tests
south africa : mandela in hospital for tests	nelson mandela in hospital for tests
new zealand set to legalise gay marriage	new zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
new zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	new zealand set to legalise gay marriage
nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies	nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94
nobel laureate doris lessing dies at 94	nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies
georgian pm 's ally to become president - exit poll	ally of georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit polls
ally of georgia 's billionaire pm to be president -exit polls	georgian pm 's ally to become president - exit poll
two french journalists killed after mali kidnapping	two french journalists abducted , killed in northern mali
two french journalists abducted , killed in northern mali	two french journalists killed after mali kidnapping
floods in central europe continue to create havoc	europe floods continue to create havoc
europe floods continue to create havoc	floods in central europe continue to create havoc
do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
and to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?	do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .	selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .
selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .	selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
a man is slicing a cucumber .	a man is cutting cucumbers .
a man is cutting cucumbers .	a man is slicing a cucumber .
two little girls talk on the telephone .	two girls talk on the phone .
two girls talk on the phone .	two little girls talk on the telephone .
a band is performing on a stage .	a band is playing and singing on a stage .
a band is playing and singing on a stage .	a band is performing on a stage .
the people threw the dummy over the cliff edge .	some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff .
some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff .	the people threw the dummy over the cliff edge .
a rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit .	a live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny .
a live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny .	a rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit .
a black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence .	a black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .
a black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .	a black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence .
to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .	they are not as sovereign as they were before .
they are not as sovereign as they were before .	to repeat : they are not as sovereign as they were before .
the dvd-cca then appealed to the state supreme court .	the dvd cca appealed that decision to the u.s. supreme court .
the dvd cca appealed that decision to the u.s. supreme court .	the dvd-cca then appealed to the state supreme court .
shelley 's office reported friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .	shelley 's office released signature counts late friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .
shelley 's office released signature counts late friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .	shelley 's office reported friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .
mr howard said he also had faith in the system under which hicks could be tried .	mr howard also said yesterday that hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the us justice system .
mr howard also said yesterday that hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the us justice system .	mr howard said he also had faith in the system under which hicks could be tried .
the trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .	the trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses friday .
the trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses friday .	the trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .
det chief insp norman mckinlay said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .	detective chief inspector norman mckinlay , leading the investigation , said : " there is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .
detective chief inspector norman mckinlay , leading the investigation , said : " there is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .	det chief insp norman mckinlay said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .
he was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .	devries , who was voluntarily castrated in august 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .
devries , who was voluntarily castrated in august 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .	he was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .
long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines sunday as israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .	long lines formed sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as israelis braced for the strike 's effects .
long lines formed sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as israelis braced for the strike 's effects .	long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines sunday as israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .
the settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .	plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .
plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .	the settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .
iac 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .	interactivecorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the nasdaq stock market .
interactivecorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the nasdaq stock market .	iac 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .	druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison .
druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison .	druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation , she said .
the procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .	the technique is used during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .
the technique is used during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy .	the procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester .
the rapper 's lawyer , mark gann , didn 't return calls for comment .	the 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , mark gann , did not return calls for comment .
the 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , mark gann , did not return calls for comment .	the rapper 's lawyer , mark gann , didn 't return calls for comment .
the new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .	academic achievement -- including grades , test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority .
academic achievement -- including grades , test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority .	the new policy gives greatest weight to grades , test scores and a student 's high school curriculum .
the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by monday , according to security analysts .	security analysts said the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by mid-afternoon on monday .
security analysts said the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by mid-afternoon on monday .	the new version , w32 / sobig.c-mm , had already reached a " high level " outbreak status by monday , according to security analysts .
hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , john speranza , said his client " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone .	hovan " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney john speranza said .
hovan " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone , defense attorney john speranza said .	hovan did not speak , but his lawyer , john speranza , said his client " did not wake up that day " intending to hurt anyone .
mali islamists destroying ' more timbuktu shrines'	mali islamists destroy more holy timbuktu sites
mali islamists destroy more holy timbuktu sites	mali islamists destroying ' more timbuktu shrines'
a man is fitting silencer on a pistol .	a man is adding a silencer to a gun .
a man is adding a silencer to a gun .	a man is fitting silencer on a pistol .
someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .	someone is chopping some cabbage leaves .
someone is chopping some cabbage leaves .	someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .
a girl is riding a horse .	the girl trotted the horse .
the girl trotted the horse .	a girl is riding a horse .
the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .	a woman is cleaning a shrimp .
a woman is cleaning a shrimp .	the lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .
children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .	several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .
several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .	children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .
calvin hollins jr . ' s attorney , thomas royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated e2 .	the lawyer for hollins jr . , thomas royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated e2 .
the lawyer for hollins jr . , thomas royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated e2 .	calvin hollins jr . ' s attorney , thomas royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated e2 .
in his new position , dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .	dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .	in his new position , dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
the report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .	there will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003 , up from 2.5 million in 2002 , gartner said .
there will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003 , up from 2.5 million in 2002 , gartner said .	the report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 .
former south african archbishop desmond tutu said sunday he did not see what " all the fuss " was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .	south africa 's nobel laureate archbishop desmond tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop , but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
south africa 's nobel laureate archbishop desmond tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop , but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .	former south african archbishop desmond tutu said sunday he did not see what " all the fuss " was over appointing a gay bishop , but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate .
someone typed on a keyboard .	someone is typing .
someone is typing .	someone typed on a keyboard .
a woman is climbing a cliff .	a woman is climbing a rock face .
a woman is climbing a rock face .	a woman is climbing a cliff .
schofield got toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .	but under cross-examination by o 'donnell 's attorney , lorna schofield , toepfer conceded she had ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .
but under cross-examination by o 'donnell 's attorney , lorna schofield , toepfer conceded she had ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .	schofield got toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of o 'donnell 's suggestions and projects .
shares of corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the nasdaq stock market .	corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .
corixa 's stock barely flinched on the news , dipping 12 cents to close at $ 6.88 .	shares of corixa fell 12 cents to $ 6.88 on the nasdaq stock market .
coroner : whitney houston died in bathtub	coroner confirms whitney houston found in bathtub
coroner confirms whitney houston found in bathtub	coroner : whitney houston died in bathtub
'arrest warrant ' for maldives ex-president	maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president	'arrest warrant ' for maldives ex-president
the bird is taking a bath under the faucet .	a bird is bathing in a sink .
a bird is bathing in a sink .	the bird is taking a bath under the faucet .
a little boy is playing a keyboard .	a boy is playing key board .
a boy is playing key board .	a little boy is playing a keyboard .
a squirrel runs around in circles .	a squirrel is moving in circles .
a squirrel is moving in circles .	a squirrel runs around in circles .
a man rides off on a motorcycle .	a man is riding on a motorcycle .
a man is riding on a motorcycle .	a man rides off on a motorcycle .
a man is playing a piano .	a person is playing the piano .
a person is playing the piano .	a man is playing a piano .
two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car .	the men are putting suitcases into the car 's trunk .
the men are putting suitcases into the car 's trunk .	two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car .
the cat is drinking milk .	a cat is licking from a saucer of milk .
a cat is licking from a saucer of milk .	the cat is drinking milk .
a kitten is playing with a blue rope toy .	a kitten is playing with a toy .
a kitten is playing with a toy .	a kitten is playing with a blue rope toy .
a turtle is walking .	a tortoise is walking .
a tortoise is walking .	a turtle is walking .
someone is boiling okra in a pot .	someone is cooking okra in a pan .
someone is cooking okra in a pan .	someone is boiling okra in a pot .
a small kitten is playing a ball .	a kitten is playing with a ball .
a kitten is playing with a ball .	a small kitten is playing a ball .
a girl makes up her bed .	a young girl makes her bed .
a young girl makes her bed .	a girl makes up her bed .
a woman is squeezing a lemon .	a woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon .
a woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon .	a woman is squeezing a lemon .
a man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife .	a man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
a man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife	a man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife .
the woman is dicing onions .	a woman is cutting an onion .
a woman is cutting an onion .	the woman is dicing onions .
a woman is bathing into bath-tub .	a woman is taking a bath .
a woman is taking a bath .	a woman is bathing into bath-tub .
a man plays the keyboard with his nose .	the man is playing the piano with his nose .
the man is playing the piano with his nose .	a man plays the keyboard with his nose .
the boy played his trumpet .	a boy is playing the trumpet .
a boy is playing the trumpet .	the boy played his trumpet .
a man is cutting a rope with a sword .	the man slced through a thick rope with a sword .
the man slced through a thick rope with a sword .	a man is cutting a rope with a sword .
a woman rapidly fires a handgun .	a woman is shooting off a gun .
a woman is shooting off a gun .	a woman rapidly fires a handgun .
two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .	two green and white trains on tracks .
two green and white trains on tracks .	two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .
close up of a bottle of water .	a close up view of a bottle of water .
a close up view of a bottle of water .	close up of a bottle of water .
camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .	a camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass .
a camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass .	camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .
a cruise liner docked at the shoreline .	a cruise ship docked at shore .
a cruise ship docked at shore .	a cruise liner docked at the shoreline .
a woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .	a woman stands in front of a building in the snow .
a woman stands in front of a building in the snow .	a woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .
red double decker bus on side of street .	a red double decker bus on a city street .
a red double decker bus on a city street .	red double decker bus on side of street .
man standing in front of silver train .	man standing in front of a silver rail car .
man standing in front of a silver rail car .	man standing in front of silver train .
someone standing on a snowy mountain , watching a plane .	a man stands on a mountain , watching a plane .
a man stands on a mountain , watching a plane .	someone standing on a snowy mountain , watching a plane .
red double decker bus taking on passengers .	a red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city .
a red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city .	red double decker bus taking on passengers .
two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .	two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign .
two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign .	two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .
a sheep standing in a mountainous area .	a large sheep standing on a hill .
a large sheep standing on a hill .	a sheep standing in a mountainous area .
a tan puppy being petted .	a tan puppy being held and petted .
a tan puppy being held and petted .	a tan puppy being petted .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .	a double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel .
a double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel .	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
boy laying on couch with dog .	the boy is lying on a couch with a puppy .
the boy is lying on a couch with a puppy .	boy laying on couch with dog .
young woman in riding gear on top of horse .	young girl in riding gear on a horse .
young girl in riding gear on a horse .	young woman in riding gear on top of horse .
two young women shear a sheep .	two women sheering a sheep .
two women sheering a sheep .	two young women shear a sheep .
a blue bird perched on a gloved hand .	a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .
a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .	a blue bird perched on a gloved hand .
a pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .	two dogs play with purple football .
two dogs play with purple football .	a pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
the two dogs are running on the grass .	two dogs are playing in the grass .
two dogs are playing in the grass .	the two dogs are running on the grass .
three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .	three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .	three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
a group of youngsters swim in lake water	many children are playing and swimming in the water .
many children are playing and swimming in the water .	a group of youngsters swim in lake water
a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .	a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .	a dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .
a girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing .	a woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
a woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .	a girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing .
a dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .	a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .	a dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
the beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .	a beagle walks along the calm shore .
a beagle walks along the calm shore .	the beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .	a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .	a girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
a shirtless man playing football on a lawn .	a shirtless man catches a football
a shirtless man catches a football	a shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
a boy waves around a sparkler .	a young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
a young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .	a boy waves around a sparkler .
a woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .	a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
a woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .	a woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .	a man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .
a man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .	a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
a surfer on a wave .	a surfer is riding a wave .
a surfer is riding a wave .	a surfer on a wave .
two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .	two dogs running on grass .
two dogs running on grass .	two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
the tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .	a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?	* * smooches ran * * hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?
* * smooches ran * * hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?	hey , blue-eyes , how 's things in london ?
warm , maybe record .	warmer , almost certainly a record .
warmer , almost certainly a record .	warm , maybe record .
i know i 'd hate to be him .	i 'd hate to be him too .
i 'd hate to be him too .	i know i 'd hate to be him .
personal responsibility much ?	again , personal responsibility .
again , personal responsibility .	personal responsibility much ?
how is this slanted against bush ? ?	where is the slant against bush ?
where is the slant against bush ?	how is this slanted against bush ? ?
more factchecking : i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .	i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .	more factchecking : i don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
@ lustig andrei , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?	@ edgarblythe , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?
@ edgarblythe , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?	@ lustig andrei , so lyndon johnson and john kennedy were compatible ?
despicable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .	despicable ben , stop trying to find excuses for the man .
breathe in , breathe out , move on .	buwhahahaha breathe in , breathe out , move on .
buwhahahaha breathe in , breathe out , move on .	breathe in , breathe out , move on .
what conviction where you talking about before ?	what conviction would that be ?
what conviction would that be ?	what conviction where you talking about before ?
not a constitutional issue .	again , this is not a constitutional issue .
again , this is not a constitutional issue .	not a constitutional issue .
the face of the franchise : the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !	the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !
the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !	the face of the franchise : the worst part is that he 's not even a leafs fan !
the problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .	he said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
he said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .	the problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .
page said it 's also possible that genes on the y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .	he added that genes on the y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
he added that genes on the y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .	page said it 's also possible that genes on the y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
microsoft acquired virtual pc when it bought the assets of connectix earlier this year .	microsoft acquired virtual pc from its developer , connectix , earlier this year .
microsoft acquired virtual pc from its developer , connectix , earlier this year .	microsoft acquired virtual pc when it bought the assets of connectix earlier this year .
daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .	daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .
daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .	daniels said he doesn 't know what bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .
officials at brandeis said this was an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .	" this is an extremely heartrending time for the entire brandeis university community .
" this is an extremely heartrending time for the entire brandeis university community .	officials at brandeis said this was an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .
previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .	previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .
previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .	previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .
united already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .	united has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .
united has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .	united already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .
he projected vanderpool will be available within the next five years .	products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .
products featuring vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .	he projected vanderpool will be available within the next five years .
evacuation went smoothly , although passengers weren 't told what was going on , hunt said .	passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .
passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .	evacuation went smoothly , although passengers weren 't told what was going on , hunt said .
treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .	the treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .
the treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .	treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .
as part of his deal , mr. delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .	dave delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .
dave delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .	as part of his deal , mr. delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .
the man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a cuban plane that landed in key west in april was sentenced friday to 20 years in prison .	a cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from cuba to florida in april .
a cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from cuba to florida in april .	the man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a cuban plane that landed in key west in april was sentenced friday to 20 years in prison .
plofsky said the commission won 't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .	the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired , plofsky said .
the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired , plofsky said .	plofsky said the commission won 't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired .
the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged colorado , 3-2 , wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .	the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat colorado 3-2 on wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .
the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat colorado 3-2 on wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .	the dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged colorado , 3-2 , wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at dodger stadium .
mayor joe t. parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .	the missing workers , two men and a woman , were inside the building when the first blast occurred , mayor joe t. parker said .
the missing workers , two men and a woman , were inside the building when the first blast occurred , mayor joe t. parker said .	mayor joe t. parker said late thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred .
oracle corp 's chairman and ceo larry ellison didn 't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival peoplesoft inc .	oracle chairman larry ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival peoplesoft .
oracle chairman larry ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival peoplesoft .	oracle corp 's chairman and ceo larry ellison didn 't rule out sweetening the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival peoplesoft inc .
she had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .	she insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .
she insisted , though , that it not be published until after her death .	she had only a single condition , that the book not be published until her death .
the case comes out of illinois and involves a for-profit company called telemarketing associates inc .	the case decided monday centered around an illinois fund-raiser , telemarketing associates .
the case decided monday centered around an illinois fund-raiser , telemarketing associates .	the case comes out of illinois and involves a for-profit company called telemarketing associates inc .
with the expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .	with the expose ( ex-poh-say ) feature , all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
with the expose ( ex-poh-say ) feature , all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .	with the expose feature , all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify .
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover .	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover .
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover .	investigators claim the british company was a cia cover .
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia 's application of european arms control treaty .	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .	russian president putin signs decree suspending russia 's application of european arms control treaty .
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria .	north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project .
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project .	north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria .
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan .	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan .
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan .	kashmir is divided between india and pakistan .
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league ( adl ) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .	jewish-american group the anti-defamation league ( adl ) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt .	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .	zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt .
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures .	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions .
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions .	president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures .
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china .	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china .
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china .	physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china .
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .	cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version .	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .	russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version .
sc dismisses govt 's review plea in vodafone tax case	sc dismisses govt 's review petition on vodafone tax verdict
sc dismisses govt 's review petition on vodafone tax verdict	sc dismisses govt 's review plea in vodafone tax case
australia to establish the world 's largest marine reserve	australia creates world 's largest marine reserves
australia creates world 's largest marine reserves	australia to establish the world 's largest marine reserve
'iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes'	senior cleric : iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes
senior cleric : iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes	'iran will attack tel aviv if israel strikes'
un security council orders global sanctions against haqqani network in afghanistan	un orders global sanctions against haqqani network
un orders global sanctions against haqqani network	un security council orders global sanctions against haqqani network in afghanistan
un monitors yet to reach site of syrian ' massacre ' – video	un monitors unable to reach site of syria killings
un monitors unable to reach site of syria killings	un monitors yet to reach site of syrian ' massacre ' – video
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election	putin wins disputed russian presidential election
putin wins disputed russian presidential election	putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election
massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast	hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast
hurricane sandy takes aim at us east coast	massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast
barclays hit by fresh u.s. investigations	barclays hit by fresh us probe
barclays hit by fresh us probe	barclays hit by fresh u.s. investigations
eu heaps new sanctions on syria	eu imposes new sanctions on syrian regime
eu imposes new sanctions on syrian regime	eu heaps new sanctions on syria
u.n. observer patrol arrives at syria massacre site	un observers reach syria massacre village
un observers reach syria massacre village	u.n. observer patrol arrives at syria massacre site
south sudan accuses sudan of bombings ahead of talks	s. sudan accuses sudan of bombing in blow to talks
s. sudan accuses sudan of bombing in blow to talks	south sudan accuses sudan of bombings ahead of talks
chavez leaves again for cuba for radiotherapy	chavez set for more radiotherapy in cuba
chavez set for more radiotherapy in cuba	chavez leaves again for cuba for radiotherapy
how wind farm developers ' use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	wind farm developers using ' tricks ' to make turbines look smaller
wind farm developers using ' tricks ' to make turbines look smaller	how wind farm developers ' use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
israel bars german writer grass from visiting over poem	israel bars german author grass over poem
israel bars german author grass over poem	israel bars german writer grass from visiting over poem
mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president	mursi sworn in as egyptian president
mursi sworn in as egyptian president	mohamed morsi sworn in as eygptian president
romney announces paul ryan as running mate	romney chooses ryan as gop running mate
romney chooses ryan as gop running mate	romney announces paul ryan as running mate
life-threatening midwest storms feared	'life-threatening ' storms feared for midwest
'life-threatening ' storms feared for midwest	life-threatening midwest storms feared
storm delays start of republican convention	storm lashes florida , delaying republican convention
storm lashes florida , delaying republican convention	storm delays start of republican convention
russian air force celebrates 100th anniversary	russian air force 's 100th anniversary
russian air force 's 100th anniversary	russian air force celebrates 100th anniversary
lakers fire coach mike brown after 1-4 start	lakers fire mike brown after 1-4 start
lakers fire mike brown after 1-4 start	lakers fire coach mike brown after 1-4 start
soldier ' can 't recall ' massacre	us soldier ‘ doesn ’ t recall massacre ’
us soldier ‘ doesn ’ t recall massacre ’	soldier ' can 't recall ' massacre
actor gazzara dead at 81	actor ben gazzara dies at 81
actor ben gazzara dies at 81	actor gazzara dead at 81
syrian forces move to retake aleppo	syrian regime bids to retake city of aleppo
syrian regime bids to retake city of aleppo	syrian forces move to retake aleppo
stock index futures point to lower start	stock index futures signal early losses
stock index futures signal early losses	stock index futures point to lower start
syria rebels leave besieged homs	syrian rebels retreat from besieged homs district
syrian rebels retreat from besieged homs district	syria rebels leave besieged homs
red cross says negotiating halt to fighting in syria to take aid	red cross negotiating syria ceasefire to bring aid
red cross negotiating syria ceasefire to bring aid	red cross says negotiating halt to fighting in syria to take aid
german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal	german parliament endorses greek bailout
german parliament endorses greek bailout	german parliament overwhelmingly backs greek rescue deal
us gov 't officially designates haqqani network as terrorists	us designates haqqani network as terrorists
us designates haqqani network as terrorists	us gov 't officially designates haqqani network as terrorists
david beckham announces retirement from soccer	david beckham retires from football
david beckham retires from football	david beckham announces retirement from soccer
eu ministers ' determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal	eu ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
eu ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal	eu ministers ' determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal
hundreds of bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	hundreds fall sick in bangladesh factory
hundreds fall sick in bangladesh factory	hundreds of bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
israel conducts airstrike on syria	israel launches new airstrike against syria
israel launches new airstrike against syria	israel conducts airstrike on syria
asteroid zips between earth and satellites	asteroid passes earth in fly-by
asteroid passes earth in fly-by	asteroid zips between earth and satellites
hrithik roshan , wife sussanne part ways	hrithik roshan , sussanne to divorce
hrithik roshan , sussanne to divorce	hrithik roshan , wife sussanne part ways
usa expels venezuela diplomats in row	u.s. expels venezuelan diplomats
u.s. expels venezuelan diplomats	usa expels venezuela diplomats in row
iran hopes nuclear talks will yield ' roadmap'	iran nuclear talks in geneva spur high hopes
iran nuclear talks in geneva spur high hopes	iran hopes nuclear talks will yield ' roadmap'
preston and england legend tom finney dies at 91	former england great tom finney dies at 91
former england great tom finney dies at 91	preston and england legend tom finney dies at 91
eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	eu jobless hits fresh record
eu jobless hits fresh record	eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
un says us drones violate pakistan 's sovereignty	un : us drone strikes violate pakistan 's sovereignty
un : us drone strikes violate pakistan 's sovereignty	un says us drones violate pakistan 's sovereignty
u.s. bans carry-on liquids , gels on flights to russia	us bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to russia
us bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to russia	u.s. bans carry-on liquids , gels on flights to russia
more than 1,000 inmates escape from libya 's al-kweifiya prison	1000 prisoners escape from libyan jail
1000 prisoners escape from libyan jail	more than 1,000 inmates escape from libya 's al-kweifiya prison
trailblazing israeli electric car company better place to fold	trailblazing israeli electric car company to fold
trailblazing israeli electric car company to fold	trailblazing israeli electric car company better place to fold
pro-pak taliban warlord killed in us drone strike	taliban commander killed in us drone strike
taliban commander killed in us drone strike	pro-pak taliban warlord killed in us drone strike
austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home	austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
chinese court upholds death penalties for mekong murderers	court upholds death sentences for mekong murderers
court upholds death sentences for mekong murderers	chinese court upholds death penalties for mekong murderers
top judge mansour sworn in as egypt interim president	justice adly mansour sworn in as egypt interim president
justice adly mansour sworn in as egypt interim president	top judge mansour sworn in as egypt interim president
bomb explodes at greek shopping mall , two people injured	bomb explodes at athens shopping mall , 2 wounded
bomb explodes at athens shopping mall , 2 wounded	bomb explodes at greek shopping mall , two people injured
white house , defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
white house , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts	white house , defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
olivia colman wins second bafta award	baftas 2013 : olivia colman picks up two awards
baftas 2013 : olivia colman picks up two awards	olivia colman wins second bafta award
red sox beat tigers to reach world series	red sox beat tigers 5-2 to advance to world series
red sox beat tigers 5-2 to advance to world series	red sox beat tigers to reach world series
david beckham to retire at end of season	david beckham retires from football
david beckham retires from football	david beckham to retire at end of season
protesters topple lenin statue in kiev	ukraine protesters topple lenin statue in kiev
ukraine protesters topple lenin statue in kiev	protesters topple lenin statue in kiev
son of us evangelist kills himself the son of popular us evangelist rick warren has killed himself .	son of popular us evangelist warren kills himself
son of popular us evangelist warren kills himself	son of us evangelist kills himself the son of popular us evangelist rick warren has killed himself .
bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	wikileaks soldier bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
wikileaks soldier bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	bradley manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
south korea ferry crew members stand trial	sewol ferry crew faces trial
sewol ferry crew faces trial	south korea ferry crew members stand trial
fire destroys ancient tibetan town in china	fire destroys tibetan town in china
fire destroys tibetan town in china	fire destroys ancient tibetan town in china
supreme court takes on affirmative action in michigan ban case	supreme court to hear michigan affirmative action case
supreme court to hear michigan affirmative action case	supreme court takes on affirmative action in michigan ban case
kl shares remain higher mid-afternoon	kl shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
kl shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon	kl shares remain higher mid-afternoon
ride operator charged in n.c. fair accident	n.c. state fair ride operator arrested after accident
n.c. state fair ride operator arrested after accident	ride operator charged in n.c. fair accident
glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada	'glee ' star cory monteith found dead
'glee ' star cory monteith found dead	glee star cory monteith found dead in hotel room in canada
clashes continue between police and protesters in turkey	turkish police fight protesters , clear square
turkish police fight protesters , clear square	clashes continue between police and protesters in turkey
pictures show completed costa concordia operation	timelapse of costa concordia operation
timelapse of costa concordia operation	pictures show completed costa concordia operation
stocks rise in early trading	stocks inch higher in early trading
stocks inch higher in early trading	stocks rise in early trading
iranian nuclear talks to be extended to november	iran nuclear talks extended to november 24
iran nuclear talks extended to november 24	iranian nuclear talks to be extended to november
a person is combing a cat hair .	a person is brushing a cat .
a person is brushing a cat .	a person is combing a cat hair .
the puppy tried to get out of the tub .	a puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .
a puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub .	the puppy tried to get out of the tub .
an elderly asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table .	an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
an older asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .	an elderly asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table .
a kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table .	a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .	a kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table .
two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other .	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .
two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .	two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other .
a seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop	a seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
the dogs are chasing a cat .	the dogs are chasing a black cat .
the dogs are chasing a black cat .	the dogs are chasing a cat .
the biker is doing dangerous stunts .	a biker is doing stunts .
a biker is doing stunts .	the biker is doing dangerous stunts .
a doctor prescribes medicine to a patient .	a doctor prescribes a medicine .
a doctor prescribes a medicine .	a doctor prescribes medicine to a patient .
the two men are wearing jeans .	the two men are wearing pants .
the two men are wearing pants .	the two men are wearing jeans .
a man walks his dog on the beach .	a man with his dog on the beach .
a man with his dog on the beach .	a man walks his dog on the beach .
it indeed appears the andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) and the milky way ( mw ) are en route to a collision .	in a few billion years , the milky way and andromeda will collide .
in a few billion years , the milky way and andromeda will collide .	it indeed appears the andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) and the milky way ( mw ) are en route to a collision .
pardon the brevity of this answer , but i would say " named " is preferred within the context of your example .	named is preferred in your example , since you are formally giving a name to your method .
named is preferred in your example , since you are formally giving a name to your method .	pardon the brevity of this answer , but i would say " named " is preferred within the context of your example .
it is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken .	bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken .
bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken .	it is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken .
" i feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , " said mckechnie .	the people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , " mckechnie said .
the people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , " mckechnie said .	" i feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , " said mckechnie .
another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker , the sandra tapias .	a spanish tanker , sandra tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , in the afternoon .
a spanish tanker , sandra tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , in the afternoon .	another million barrels , bought by spanish refiner cepsa sa , was to be loaded onto a spanish tanker , the sandra tapias .
earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from oracle .	thursday morning , peoplesoft 's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .
thursday morning , peoplesoft 's board rejected the oracle takeover offer .	earlier thursday , peoplesoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from oracle .
they are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .	both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .
both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .	they are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .
the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 september 2003 .	the offer is also subject to goldman signing an agreement with drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by sept . 30 , it said .
the offer is also subject to goldman signing an agreement with drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by sept . 30 , it said .	the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 september 2003 .
revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .	revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .
revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .	revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .
" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but i 'm not going to be negative about it " .	" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it 's not our proposal , but i 'm not responding to it in a negative way , " he said .
" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it 's not our proposal , but i 'm not responding to it in a negative way , " he said .	" i 'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but i 'm not going to be negative about it " .
part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .	a key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .
a key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care .	part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system .
the companies , chiron and aventis pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet u.s. demand .	chiron and aventis pasteur together made about 80 million doses , ordinarily enough for u.s. demand , the associated press reported .
chiron and aventis pasteur together made about 80 million doses , ordinarily enough for u.s. demand , the associated press reported .	the companies , chiron and aventis pasteur , together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine , which ordinarily would have been enough to meet u.s. demand .
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .	investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night , but authorities said it was from an animal .
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night , but authorities said it was from an animal .	investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab thursday , but it turned out to be an animal bone , authorities said .
at 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .	at 12 months , there was still a difference between the groups , but it was not considered significant .
at 12 months , there was still a difference between the groups , but it was not considered significant .	at 12 months there was still a difference in function , although it was not a significant one .
its former chief mickey robinson was fired for cause when he left in september , the company said .	chief executive mickey robinson was fired for cause in september , the company said last month .
chief executive mickey robinson was fired for cause in september , the company said last month .	its former chief mickey robinson was fired for cause when he left in september , the company said .
a merrill lynch spokesman said " we are pleased with the judge 's decision . "	" we are very pleased with the judge 's decision , " merrill said yesterday .
" we are very pleased with the judge 's decision , " merrill said yesterday .	a merrill lynch spokesman said " we are pleased with the judge 's decision . "
netanyahu set to call early vote	israel 's netanyahu set to call early vote
israel 's netanyahu set to call early vote	netanyahu set to call early vote
eu set for new sanctions on iran	eu plans major new sanctions against iran
eu plans major new sanctions against iran	eu set for new sanctions on iran
clinton : us , europe must do more against tyrants	clinton : us , europe must work to defeat tyrants
clinton : us , europe must work to defeat tyrants	clinton : us , europe must do more against tyrants
19 hurt in new orleans shooting	police : 19 hurt in nola mother 's day shooting
police : 19 hurt in nola mother 's day shooting	19 hurt in new orleans shooting
china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation released at 16th china-eu summit	full text : china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation
full text : china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation	china-eu 2020 strategic agenda for cooperation released at 16th china-eu summit
a man is slicing open a fish .	a man is cutting up a fish .
a man is cutting up a fish .	a man is slicing open a fish .
a baby panda goes down a slide .	a panda slides down a slide .
a panda slides down a slide .	a baby panda goes down a slide .
a man is cutting a potato .	a man is slicing some potato .
a man is slicing some potato .	a man is cutting a potato .
a boy studies a calendar .	a boy is looking at a calendar .
a boy is looking at a calendar .	a boy studies a calendar .
a cheetah is running behind its prey .	a cheetah chases prey on across a field .
a cheetah chases prey on across a field .	a cheetah is running behind its prey .
a moped in front of steps of ruins .	a moped in front of ruins .
a moped in front of ruins .	a moped in front of steps of ruins .
a close up head of an ostrich .	a close up of an ostrich face .
a close up of an ostrich face .	a close up head of an ostrich .
a red and white bus drives down an england street .	a red and white england bus drives down the street .
a red and white england bus drives down the street .	a red and white bus drives down an england street .
motorcycle parked next to a car outside .	a motorcycle parked next to a car .
a motorcycle parked next to a car .	motorcycle parked next to a car outside .
two men talking in front of a plane .	two men talking in front of a small plane .
two men talking in front of a small plane .	two men talking in front of a plane .
boy and white dog running in grassy field	a boy and a dog running on grass
a boy and a dog running on grass	boy and white dog running in grassy field
boy lies on stomach in grass .	small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .	boy lies on stomach in grass .
a yellow car speeds along a snowy field .	a yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a yellow car drives quickly in the snow .	a yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
a girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone .	a girl is talking on her phone .
a girl is talking on her phone .	a girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone .
one person wields an umbrella .	one person is holding an umbrella .
one person is holding an umbrella .	one person wields an umbrella .
a line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street .	a line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street .
a line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street .	a line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street .
second comes hp ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .	hp fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
hp fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .	second comes hp ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .
sources within the racing industry have told the daily bulletin that fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .	sources in the racing industry said fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .
sources in the racing industry said fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .	sources within the racing industry have told the daily bulletin that fontana will get a second nascar race on labor day weekend starting next season .
now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .	with the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia accident , the rookies will have to wait even longer .
with the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia accident , the rookies will have to wait even longer .	now , with the agency 's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer .
not ' hiding the ball ' on russia : obama	obama says he 's not ' hiding the ball ' on russia
obama says he 's not ' hiding the ball ' on russia	not ' hiding the ball ' on russia : obama
apple buying security firm authentec for $ 356 million	news summary : apple buying authentec for $ 356m
news summary : apple buying authentec for $ 356m	apple buying security firm authentec for $ 356 million
some syria violence amounts to civil war-red cross	some syria violence qualifies as civil war -red cross
some syria violence qualifies as civil war -red cross	some syria violence amounts to civil war-red cross
not a good beginning : hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin	french president francois hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin
french president francois hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin	not a good beginning : hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to berlin
pussy riot member alyokhina released from jail in russia	pussy riot member maria alyokhina freed from jail
pussy riot member maria alyokhina freed from jail	pussy riot member alyokhina released from jail in russia
25 bodies found at raided algerian gas plant	25 more bodies found at algerian gas plant
25 more bodies found at algerian gas plant	25 bodies found at raided algerian gas plant
woman remanded over child 's death a woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats .	mother held over daughter 's death a mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats .
mother held over daughter 's death a mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats .	woman remanded over child 's death a woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats .
neymar powers brazil into last 16	neymar powers brazil into world cup last 16
neymar powers brazil into world cup last 16	neymar powers brazil into last 16
strong new quake hits shattered pak region	6.8 quake in shattered pakistan region
6.8 quake in shattered pakistan region	strong new quake hits shattered pak region
france warns of extremists benefiting from egypt violence	france fears extremists will benefit from egypt violence
france fears extremists will benefit from egypt violence	france warns of extremists benefiting from egypt violence
the results were released at tuesday 's meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and will be published in thursday 's new england journal of medicine .	the study results were released at a meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of the new england journal of medicine .
the study results were released at a meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of the new england journal of medicine .	the results were released at tuesday 's meeting in seattle of the american thoracic society and will be published in thursday 's new england journal of medicine .
the man is slicing the tape from the box .	a man is cutting open a box .
a man is cutting open a box .	the man is slicing the tape from the box .
the lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook .	a woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water .
a woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water .	the lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook .
" pnc regrets its involvement " in the deals , chairman and chief executive officer james rohr said in a statement .	james rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , said pnc regretted the incident .
james rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , said pnc regretted the incident .	" pnc regrets its involvement " in the deals , chairman and chief executive officer james rohr said in a statement .
the shooting victim was taken to kings county hospital center , where he later died , the police said .	the victim , who was not identified , was taken to kings county hospital where he was pronounced dead .
the victim , who was not identified , was taken to kings county hospital where he was pronounced dead .	the shooting victim was taken to kings county hospital center , where he later died , the police said .
customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .	retail pricing for sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $ 1,219 .
retail pricing for sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $ 1,219 .	customers that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get sms 2003 with 10 device client access licenses .
the euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late may .	the euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late may .
the euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late may .	the euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late may .
the man is shaking hands with other men .	a man is shaking another mans hand .
a man is shaking another mans hand .	the man is shaking hands with other men .
his daughter , nina axelrod , told the associated press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .	axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , nina axelrod .
axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , nina axelrod .	his daughter , nina axelrod , told the associated press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .
colin powell , the secretary of state , said contacts with iran would not stop .	secretary of state colin powell said yesterday that contacts with iran would continue .
secretary of state colin powell said yesterday that contacts with iran would continue .	colin powell , the secretary of state , said contacts with iran would not stop .
icc champions trophy : india vs south africa	champions trophy : india v south africalive
champions trophy : india v south africalive	icc champions trophy : india vs south africa
the new servers will run either linux or the x86 version of solaris , he said .	the servers can run solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system .
the servers can run solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system .	the new servers will run either linux or the x86 version of solaris , he said .
a man is playing the cello .	a man seated is playing the cello .
a man seated is playing the cello .	a man is playing the cello .
some men are fighting .	two men are fighting .
two men are fighting .	some men are fighting .
a dog is eating water melon .	a dog is eating a piece of watermelon .
a dog is eating a piece of watermelon .	a dog is eating water melon .
a woman is chopping broccoli .	a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .
a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .	a woman is chopping broccoli .
a man drove his car .	a man is driving a car .
a man is driving a car .	a man drove his car .
two zebras are playing .	zebras are socializing .
zebras are socializing .	two zebras are playing .
butter is being put into a bowl .	a man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .
a man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .	butter is being put into a bowl .
a woman is frying a food .	a woman is deep frying food .
a woman is deep frying food .	a woman is frying a food .
a big turtle is walking .	the tortoise is walking .
the tortoise is walking .	a big turtle is walking .
a person is adding oil in the pan .	the cook pouring oil into the pan .
the cook pouring oil into the pan .	a person is adding oil in the pan .
a boy plays violin on stage .	a boy is onstage playing the violin .
a boy is onstage playing the violin .	a boy plays violin on stage .
a cat and a ferret are playing .	a ferret and kitten play together .
a ferret and kitten play together .	a cat and a ferret are playing .
a red and gray train is going through a tunnel .	a red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees .
a red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees .	a red and gray train is going through a tunnel .
a small bird eating from the feeder .	bird eating from a bird feeder .
bird eating from a bird feeder .	a small bird eating from the feeder .
out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , wouldn 't .	out of touch and untrustworthy ?
out of touch and untrustworthy ?	out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , wouldn 't .
an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .	an hour later israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .
an hour later israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in gaza city , killing seven people , palestinian sources said .	an hour later , an israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in gaza city , killing two hamas officials and at least five other people .
tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .	tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said investigators are considering the scenario .
tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said investigators are considering the scenario .	tom kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the canton , ohio-based east central area reliability council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .	and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .
and all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .	they found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .
cia director george tenet said the two men were " defined by dedication and courage . "	" [ they ] were defined by dedication and courage , " said the cia 's director george tenet .
" [ they ] were defined by dedication and courage , " said the cia 's director george tenet .	cia director george tenet said the two men were " defined by dedication and courage . "
dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on july 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot dennehy after dennehy tried to shoot him .	dotson was arrested july 21 after telling fbi agents he shot dennehy when dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
dotson was arrested july 21 after telling fbi agents he shot dennehy when dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .	dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on july 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot dennehy after dennehy tried to shoot him .
now , blanca 's american husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in february by the philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .	now , blanca 's husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk of tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the philippine government in february .
now , blanca 's husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk of tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the philippine government in february .	now , blanca 's american husband , 63-year-old roger lawrence strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in february by the philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .
" certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , " he added .	" we don 't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , " he said .
" we don 't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , " he said .	" certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , " he added .
under the program , u.s. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .	under the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the united states .
under the program , us officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the united states .	under the program , u.s. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .
the epidemic began in november in the mainland 's guangdong province , but the people 's republic of china refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .	the prc epidemic began in guandong province in november , but the communist party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
the prc epidemic began in guandong province in november , but the communist party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .	the epidemic began in november in the mainland 's guangdong province , but the people 's republic of china refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .	doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .	although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .
although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .	although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
ms. cripps-prawak left last friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .	the director of the office of medical access , cindy cripps-prawak , left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors ' offices .
the director of the office of medical access , cindy cripps-prawak , left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors ' offices .	ms. cripps-prawak left last friday , two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors ' offices .
the government recently shelved peace talks with the milf , being brokered by malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on mindanao .	the government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring malaysia after a spate of attacks on mindanao , including three deadly bombings , that it blamed on the milf .
the government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring malaysia after a spate of attacks on mindanao , including three deadly bombings , that it blamed on the milf .	the government recently shelved peace talks with the milf , being brokered by malaysia , after a string of attacks , including three bombings , on mindanao .
in connection with the incident , i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately . "	" i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately , " he said .
" i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately , " he said .	in connection with the incident , i have acknowledged that i behaved inappropriately . "
a spokesman said : " since november , we have co-operated fully with the police .	it added it had " co-operated fully " with police since november .
it added it had " co-operated fully " with police since november .	a spokesman said : " since november , we have co-operated fully with the police .
women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .	australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy .
australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy .	women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children , melbourne researchers believe .
men who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark wa study has found .	drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer , a study by australian researchers has discovered .
drinking green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer , a study by australian researchers has discovered .	men who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer , a landmark wa study has found .
thanks to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .	the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on thursday .
the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on thursday .	thanks to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar was at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen .
air canada , the largest airline in canada and no. 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .	the no. 11 airline in the world , air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .
the no. 11 airline in the world , air canada has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .	air canada , the largest airline in canada and no. 11 in the world , has been under court protection from creditors since april 1 .
the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray .	gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray .
gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray .	the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray .
garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad , mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .	garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april .
garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april .	garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad , mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi , was released after two days in coalition custody .
ona explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in bali .	" but at no stage did ona receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in bali . "
" but at no stage did ona receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in bali . "	ona explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that jemaah islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in bali .
those reports were denied by the interior minister , prince nayef .	however , the saudi interior minister , prince nayef , denied the reports .
however , the saudi interior minister , prince nayef , denied the reports .	those reports were denied by the interior minister , prince nayef .
shares of mcdonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .	mcdonald 's shares rose $ 1.83 to close friday at $ 23.89 on the new york stock exchange .
mcdonald 's shares rose $ 1.83 to close friday at $ 23.89 on the new york stock exchange .	shares of mcdonald 's rose $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 .
but at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .	but at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
but at the age of 15 , she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .	but at age 15 , she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision : it was time to try surgery .
egypt lets mubarak pm back in presidential race	egypt confirms mubarak 's pm back in presidency race
egypt confirms mubarak 's pm back in presidency race	egypt lets mubarak pm back in presidential race
a man is lifting weights in a garage .	a man is lifting weights .
a man is lifting weights .	a man is lifting weights in a garage .
a rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit .	a bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny .
a bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny .	a rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit .
a man shoots a man .	a man with a pistol shoots another man .
a man with a pistol shoots another man .	a man shoots a man .
appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the ten commandments in some cases and banning them in others .	lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the ten commandments in some instances and not in others .
lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the ten commandments in some instances and not in others .	appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the ten commandments in some cases and banning them in others .
an arrest warrant claimed bryant assaulted the woman june 30 at a hotel .	according to an arrest warrant , bryant , 24 , attacked a woman on june 30 .
according to an arrest warrant , bryant , 24 , attacked a woman on june 30 .	an arrest warrant claimed bryant assaulted the woman june 30 at a hotel .
buoyed by some of the advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .	buoyed by advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 on thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .
buoyed by advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 on thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .	buoyed by some of the advice imparted by nicklaus , howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over kenny perry .
a cat is eating some corn .	a cat is eating corn on the cob .
a cat is eating corn on the cob .	a cat is eating some corn .
a person wipes butter on a tray .	a person is buttering a tray .
a person is buttering a tray .	a person wipes butter on a tray .
on the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .	the foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .
the foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .	on the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .
hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a british study of more than a million women has found .	a major british study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin .
a major british study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin .	hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a british study of more than a million women has found .
the agency will " consider as timely any tax returns or payments due " aug. 15 if they are submitted by aug. 22 .	the agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from friday through aug. 22 if they are completed by aug. 22 .
the agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from friday through aug. 22 if they are completed by aug. 22 .	the agency will " consider as timely any tax returns or payments due " aug. 15 if they are submitted by aug. 22 .
" in so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history , " bush said .	surrounded by singers from harlem , bush said : ' ' the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history .
surrounded by singers from harlem , bush said : ' ' the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history .	" in so many different ways , the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black americans throughout our history , " bush said .
according to sunncomm 's peter jacobs , " mediamax performs exactly as ' advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .	" mediamax performs exactly as " advertised " to the companies who purchased it , " jacobs said in the statement .
" mediamax performs exactly as " advertised " to the companies who purchased it , " jacobs said in the statement .	according to sunncomm 's peter jacobs , " mediamax performs exactly as ' advertised ' to the companies who purchased it .
a target is being hit with gun fire .	the target was being shot with bullets .
the target was being shot with bullets .	a target is being hit with gun fire .
the man hit the other man with a stick .	the man spanked the other man with a stick .
the man spanked the other man with a stick .	the man hit the other man with a stick .
a rabbit is running from an eagle .	a hare is running from a eagle .
a hare is running from a eagle .	a rabbit is running from an eagle .
the woman is frying a breaded pork chop .	a woman is cooking a breaded pork chop .
a woman is cooking a breaded pork chop .	the woman is frying a breaded pork chop .
a man is pouring oil into a pan .	a man is pouring oil into a skillet .
a man is pouring oil into a skillet .	a man is pouring oil into a pan .
a person is cutting mushrooms .	a person is cutting mushrooms with a knife .
a person is cutting mushrooms with a knife .	a person is cutting mushrooms .
a pankda is eating bamboo .	a panda bear is eating some bamboo .
a panda bear is eating some bamboo .	a pankda is eating bamboo .
two dogs swim in a pool .	dogs are swimming in a pool .
dogs are swimming in a pool .	two dogs swim in a pool .
a man is slicing a potato into pieces .	a man is cutting a potato .
a man is cutting a potato .	a man is slicing a potato into pieces .
a black horse is running around .	the horse is running .
the horse is running .	a black horse is running around .
a woman is slicing an onion .	a woman is cutting an onion .
a woman is cutting an onion .	a woman is slicing an onion .
a woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife .	a woman is slicing onions with a large knife .
a woman is slicing onions with a large knife .	a woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife .
the baby is laughing and crawling .	a baby is laughing and crawling on the floor .
a baby is laughing and crawling on the floor .	the baby is laughing and crawling .
a cat swings on a ceiling fan .	a cat is spun around by a ceiling fan .
a cat is spun around by a ceiling fan .	a cat swings on a ceiling fan .
a monkey is brushing a bull dog .	a monkey brushes a dog .
a monkey brushes a dog .	a monkey is brushing a bull dog .
a motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle .	a person crashes on a motorcycle .
a person crashes on a motorcycle .	a motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle .
a man is lifting weights .	a man is lifting a barbell .
a man is lifting a barbell .	a man is lifting weights .
american flag is waving .	a american flag is blowing in the wind .
a american flag is blowing in the wind .	american flag is waving .
the man drilled holes into the wood .	a man drills wood .
a man drills wood .	the man drilled holes into the wood .
two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float .	two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool .
two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool .	two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float .
a dark brown horse standing in a field .	a brown horse stands in a lush green field .
a brown horse stands in a lush green field .	a dark brown horse standing in a field .
a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .	a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .	a group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .	a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .
a black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
sail boat sailing on the water .	sail boat floating on the blue water .
sail boat floating on the blue water .	sail boat sailing on the water .
a woman with a viking hat on .	smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat .
smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat .	a woman with a viking hat on .
parked white double decker bus .	a red and white double decker bus is parked .
a red and white double decker bus is parked .	parked white double decker bus .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
a black and white cow standing in the field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
a clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .	a clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .
a black and white photo of a cat lying down .	a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .
a black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .	a black and white photo of a cat lying down .
a man and woman stand , smiling for camera .	a man and woman are posing for the camera .
a man and woman are posing for the camera .	a man and woman stand , smiling for camera .
the headlights on a blue car .	close up of the headlights on a blue car .
close up of the headlights on a blue car .	the headlights on a blue car .
a black and white photo of a glass bottle of coca cola .	this is a black and white picture of a short squat coca-cola bottle .
this is a black and white picture of a short squat coca-cola bottle .	a black and white photo of a glass bottle of coca cola .
four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats .	four blue and yellow planes in flight .
four blue and yellow planes in flight .	four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats .
a train is at a train station .	a train parked at a train station .
a train parked at a train station .	a train is at a train station .
two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door , with one person pointing at the other .	two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .
two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .	two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door , with one person pointing at the other .
a blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person .	a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .
a bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .	a blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person .
a long train is on train tracks .	a train on the train tracks .
a train on the train tracks .	a long train is on train tracks .
a silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac .	an aeromexico silver plane is on a runway .
an aeromexico silver plane is on a runway .	a silver areomexico jet liner sitting on the tarmac .
two people sailing a small white sail boat .	couple sailing in a small sailboat .
couple sailing in a small sailboat .	two people sailing a small white sail boat .
a sheep standing on a table at auction .	woolly sheep at auction house .
woolly sheep at auction house .	a sheep standing on a table at auction .
a black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .	a black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field .
a black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field .	a black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .
red double decker bus driving down a street .	a double decker bus on a city street .
a double decker bus on a city street .	red double decker bus driving down a street .
boy feeding a sheep .	a boy feeding a sheep hay .
a boy feeding a sheep hay .	boy feeding a sheep .
a living room with a dining table in the background .	view of a living room with a dining room in the background .
view of a living room with a dining room in the background .	a living room with a dining table in the background .
red double decker bus with hood open .	an old red london double decker bus with its hood raised .
an old red london double decker bus with its hood raised .	red double decker bus with hood open .
a bird perched on a flowerpot .	bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .
bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .	a bird perched on a flowerpot .
two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .	two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo .
two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo .	two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .	kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .
kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .	a kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .
a couple holds a baby .	couple with newborn baby .
couple with newborn baby .	a couple holds a baby .
double decker bus with the london eye ferris wheel in background .	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .	double decker bus with the london eye ferris wheel in background .
a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .	a computer on the floor .
a computer on the floor .	a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .
a close-up view of a horse 's head .	a close-up of a brown horse 's head .
a close-up of a brown horse 's head .	a close-up view of a horse 's head .
two large dogs running in some grass .	two brindle dogs running in the grass .
two brindle dogs running in the grass .	two large dogs running in some grass .
a group of people in front of a red fire truck .	a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .
a group of people are standing around a red fire truck .	a group of people in front of a red fire truck .
two people sit on the end of a dock .	two people sitting on a dock .
two people sitting on a dock .	two people sit on the end of a dock .
a dog carries a leash in its mouth .	a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .	a dog carries a leash in its mouth .
two dogs running through a field .	two dogs play in a field .
two dogs play in a field .	two dogs running through a field .
a child with his hands on his head .	a little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
a little boy stands with his hands on top of his head	a child with his hands on his head .
two brown dogs are biting each other .	two brown dogs biting each other on sand .
two brown dogs biting each other on sand .	two brown dogs are biting each other .
a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .	a boy in a robe sits in a chair .
a boy in a robe sits in a chair .	a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .	a man is climbing the side of a mountain .
a man is climbing the side of a mountain .	the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
a dog is running along the grass .	a brown dog is running in the grass .
a brown dog is running in the grass .	a dog is running along the grass .
three dogs are playing in the water .	three dogs swim in the water .
three dogs swim in the water .	three dogs are playing in the water .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	a man walks two dogs in the city .
a man walks two dogs in the city .	a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .	three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .
three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .	three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
a little boy clowns with a colander on his head .	a boy with a metal colander on his head .
a boy with a metal colander on his head .	a little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
a dog digging in the sand .	a brown dog digs in the sand .
a brown dog digs in the sand .	a dog digging in the sand .
kids play soccer on a field .	three boys playing soccer in a field
three boys playing soccer in a field	kids play soccer on a field .
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .	a person skiing down a snowy hill .
a person skiing down a snowy hill .	person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
a lady is running her dog through an agility course .	trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe	a lady is running her dog through an agility course .
a young girl running on the beach .	a little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
a little girl running at on the shore of a beach .	a young girl running on the beach .
iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .	gotta love the ek factoid that " iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .
gotta love the ek factoid that " iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .	iran is also a signed of the npt and the iaea .
the money i spent adopting velociraptor .	those may be my top . the money i spent adopting velociraptor .
those may be my top . the money i spent adopting velociraptor .	the money i spent adopting velociraptor .
so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?	gl , terral hi corn : so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?
gl , terral hi corn : so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?	so , you actually believe every word of what terral wrote ?
my gosh , i 'm the one with the pregnancy ticker .	i have the pregnancy ticker .
i have the pregnancy ticker .	my gosh , i 'm the one with the pregnancy ticker .
like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime .	or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers .
or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers .	like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime .
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .	ooo strike two those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
ooo strike two those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .	those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
the argument was " albert einstein didn 't go to college " .	omg , " einstein didn 't go to college . "
omg , " einstein didn 't go to college . "	the argument was " albert einstein didn 't go to college " .
i 'd offer iran a deal .	chuck i 'd offer iran a deal .
chuck i 'd offer iran a deal .	i 'd offer iran a deal .
sometimes i fantasize about having power .	sometimes i , too , fantasise about bending people before my demented will .
sometimes i , too , fantasise about bending people before my demented will .	sometimes i fantasize about having power .
why are russians in damascus ?	russians in damascus !
russians in damascus !	why are russians in damascus ?
the entire thing just makes no sense .	see that makes no sense .
see that makes no sense .	the entire thing just makes no sense .
you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..	hi eots : you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
hi eots : you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..	you fools .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
in foxe basin was frozen .	foxe was mostly frozen .
foxe was mostly frozen .	in foxe basin was frozen .
@ frank apisa , frank , i observe and perceive .	@ cicerone imposter , frank , i observe and perceive .
@ cicerone imposter , frank , i observe and perceive .	@ frank apisa , frank , i observe and perceive .
haiti is a shithole .	haiti has been a shithole .
haiti has been a shithole .	haiti is a shithole .
the people had awakened .	because the people had awakened .
because the people had awakened .	the people had awakened .
cone threw an game .	addie joss cone threw an game .
addie joss cone threw an game .	cone threw an game .
you don 't use the search button much , do you ?	you don 't use the search button at all , do you ?
you don 't use the search button at all , do you ?	you don 't use the search button much , do you ?
british-based glaxosmithkline plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to canadian drugstores that ship to the united states .	glaxosmithkline , the uk drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to canadian stores shipping drugs to the us .
glaxosmithkline , the uk drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to canadian stores shipping drugs to the us .	british-based glaxosmithkline plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to canadian drugstores that ship to the united states .
abbas told the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .	at wednesday 's summit , abbas pledged to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
at wednesday 's summit , abbas pledged to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .	abbas told the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
ryan harvey , an outfielder from dunedin high school in florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the chicago cubs .	ryan harvey , a high school outfielder from florida , was chosen sixth by the cubs .
ryan harvey , a high school outfielder from florida , was chosen sixth by the cubs .	ryan harvey , an outfielder from dunedin high school in florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the chicago cubs .
" we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , " muqtada al sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .	" we condemn and denounce the governing council , which is headed by the united states , " moqtada al-sadr said .
" we condemn and denounce the governing council , which is headed by the united states , " moqtada al-sadr said .	" we condemn the governing council headed by the united states , " muqtada al sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .
in a statement distributed friday , 28 chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .	in a statement distributed today , 28 chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .
in a statement distributed today , 28 chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .	in a statement distributed friday , 28 chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .
the company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .	the company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .
the company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .	the company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .
where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .	" whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " myers said .
" whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " myers said .	where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
" we had nothing to do with @ stake 's internal personnel decision , " microsoft spokesman sean sundwell said .	" microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with atstake 's internal personnel decision , " sundwall said .
" microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with atstake 's internal personnel decision , " sundwall said .	" we had nothing to do with @ stake 's internal personnel decision , " microsoft spokesman sean sundwell said .
" fewer than 10 " fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the justice department said .	in addition , the justice department said that the fbi has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .
in addition , the justice department said that the fbi has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .	" fewer than 10 " fbi offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the justice department said .
jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , many arriving passengers in atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .	jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in atlanta .
jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in atlanta .	jim williams , director of the us-visit project , said that by the middle of november , many arriving passengers in atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed .
squyres is principal investigator for the athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .	steve squyres , a cornell university scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .
steve squyres , a cornell university scientist , is principal investigator for the missions ' science instruments .	squyres is principal investigator for the athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover .
the university of michigan released today a new admissions policy after the u.s. supreme court struck down in june the way it previously admitted undergraduates .	the university of michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the u.s. supreme court in june .
the university of michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the u.s. supreme court in june .	the university of michigan released today a new admissions policy after the u.s. supreme court struck down in june the way it previously admitted undergraduates .
" i came basically to washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to california , " schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional republicans .	" i came to washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money , " schwarzenegger said after one meeting .
" i came to washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money , " schwarzenegger said after one meeting .	" i came basically to washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to california , " schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional republicans .
turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were turks .	ankara says all four suicide bombers were turkish .
ankara says all four suicide bombers were turkish .	turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were turks .
from florida to alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .	thousands of revellers , celebrating the decision , vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
thousands of revellers , celebrating the decision , vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .	from florida to alaska , thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights , including same-sex marriages .
doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .	their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .	doctors have speculated that the body ’ s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
the lawsuit names shelley , a democrat , and registrars in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .	the lawsuit named secretary of state kevin shelley , a democrat , and the registrars of voters in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .
the lawsuit named secretary of state kevin shelley , a democrat , and the registrars of voters in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .	the lawsuit names shelley , a democrat , and registrars in los angeles , orange and san diego counties .
it will also give microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the commission .	among other things , microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response .
among other things , microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response .	it will also give microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the commission .
" this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , " said the foreman , jim wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .	jim wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , said , " this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . "
jim wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , said , " this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting . "	" this case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , " said the foreman , jim wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister .
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce .	spain currently holds the osce 's presidency .
spain currently holds the osce 's presidency .	spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce .
the treaty was first signed in 1990 .	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .	the treaty was first signed in 1990 .
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .	reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .	these human rights violations include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child
these human rights violations include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child	human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester .	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester .
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .	libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity .	russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity .
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity .	activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity .
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .	existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .	china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .	the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism .	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism .
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism .	the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism .
it is a serious threat to international security .	it presents a major threat to global security .
it presents a major threat to global security .	it is a serious threat to international security .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .	an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences .	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences .
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences .	nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences .
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii .	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its	in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii .
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .	a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
castro celebrates 86th birthday monday	fidel castro celebrates 86th birthday
fidel castro celebrates 86th birthday	castro celebrates 86th birthday monday
china news agency : still hope for syria peace	china state news agency : there 's still hope for syria peace
china state news agency : there 's still hope for syria peace	china news agency : still hope for syria peace
navy jet crashes into apartment building	us navy jet crashes into apartment block
us navy jet crashes into apartment block	navy jet crashes into apartment building
olympics opening ceremony a hit around globe	opening ceremony gives olympics a rocking start
opening ceremony gives olympics a rocking start	olympics opening ceremony a hit around globe
us soldier kills up to 16 civilians in afghanistan	us soldier kills up to 16 afghan civilians in shooting spree
us soldier kills up to 16 afghan civilians in shooting spree	us soldier kills up to 16 civilians in afghanistan
us : madoff brother to plead guilty in ny in fraud	madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud
madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud	us : madoff brother to plead guilty in ny in fraud
s. africa 's former president mandela discharged from hospital	mandela discharged from hospital
mandela discharged from hospital	s. africa 's former president mandela discharged from hospital
sarkozy announces re-election bid	france 's nicolas sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
france 's nicolas sarkozy makes his reelection bid official	sarkozy announces re-election bid
amnesty : syria rebels also committing abuses	amnesty investigator : syria rebels also committing abuses
amnesty investigator : syria rebels also committing abuses	amnesty : syria rebels also committing abuses
hrw : jordan biased against palestinians from syria	jordan biased over palestinians from syria
jordan biased over palestinians from syria	hrw : jordan biased against palestinians from syria
mali interim leader takes office	mali 's interim president sworn into office
mali 's interim president sworn into office	mali interim leader takes office
obama , romney prepare for first debate	obama , romney prepare to debate
obama , romney prepare to debate	obama , romney prepare for first debate
james murdoch quits bskyb	james murdoch quits role at bskyb
james murdoch quits role at bskyb	james murdoch quits bskyb
ap source : redskins to trade for no. 2 pick	redskins trade for no. 2 pick
redskins trade for no. 2 pick	ap source : redskins to trade for no. 2 pick
south africa police shot dead 30 miners	south africa police say they killed 30 + miners
south africa police say they killed 30 + miners	south africa police shot dead 30 miners
putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election	putin claims victory in presidential vote
putin claims victory in presidential vote	putin claims victory in russia 's presidential election
ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	ukraine 's korobka gets four-year doping ban
ukraine 's korobka gets four-year doping ban	ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
putin ' wins russian presidential election'	putin ' wins ' russia 's presidential election
putin ' wins ' russia 's presidential election	putin ' wins russian presidential election'
punjab mail derails near rohtak , 19 injured	punjab mail derails near rohtak in haryana , 19 injured
punjab mail derails near rohtak in haryana , 19 injured	punjab mail derails near rohtak , 19 injured
japan closes last nuclear reactor	japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend	japan closes last nuclear reactor
6.1-magnitude quake strikes indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia -- usgs
6.1-magnitude quake hits papua , indonesia -- usgs	6.1-magnitude quake strikes indonesia
2 americans killed as afghan unrest enters fifth day	two american officers murdered as afghan unrest continues
two american officers murdered as afghan unrest continues	2 americans killed as afghan unrest enters fifth day
agribusiness : mad cow disease found in california	usda confirms case of mad cow disease in california
usda confirms case of mad cow disease in california	agribusiness : mad cow disease found in california
egypt presidential election results delayed	egyptian election result delayed
egyptian election result delayed	egypt presidential election results delayed
spain jobless rate hits new high	spain 's jobless claims hit new high
spain 's jobless claims hit new high	spain jobless rate hits new high
yahoo ! to name google 's mayer as ceo : report	yahoo names google exec mayer as ceo
yahoo names google exec mayer as ceo	yahoo ! to name google 's mayer as ceo : report
newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house	newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
palestinians clash with israeli forces in west bank , jerusalem	palestinians clash with security forces in w. bank
palestinians clash with security forces in w. bank	palestinians clash with israeli forces in west bank , jerusalem
jagan reddy shifted to hospital , power crisis continues in seemandhra	telangana : jagan to spend thursday in hospital ; blackout continues in seemandhra
telangana : jagan to spend thursday in hospital ; blackout continues in seemandhra	jagan reddy shifted to hospital , power crisis continues in seemandhra
rouhani leads in iran presidential vote - preliminary results	rouhani leads in initial iran count
rouhani leads in initial iran count	rouhani leads in iran presidential vote - preliminary results
hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	hamas in mixed-sex school ' ban'
hamas in mixed-sex school ' ban'	hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
alleged cop killer died from shot to head	alleged cop killer died from gunshot
alleged cop killer died from gunshot	alleged cop killer died from shot to head
tokyo to host 2020 olympic games	tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympics
tokyo wins race to host 2020 olympics	tokyo to host 2020 olympic games
chairman of easyjet to step down	chairman of british no-frills airline easyjet to step down
chairman of british no-frills airline easyjet to step down	chairman of easyjet to step down
n korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	n. korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
n. korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch	n korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
jeff bezos bets $ 250 million on reviving washington post	jeff bezos pays $ 250 million for the washington post
jeff bezos pays $ 250 million for the washington post	jeff bezos bets $ 250 million on reviving washington post
thai political protests paralyse more ministries	thai protesters besiege more ministries
thai protesters besiege more ministries	thai political protests paralyse more ministries
blizzard brings us northeast to a halt	blizzard wallops us northeast , closes roads
blizzard wallops us northeast , closes roads	blizzard brings us northeast to a halt
track fault disrupts train service between raffles place , marina bay	train service disrupted between raffles place and marina bay
train service disrupted between raffles place and marina bay	track fault disrupts train service between raffles place , marina bay
lance armstrong confesses all to oprah	lance armstrong confesses to doping in oprah interview
lance armstrong confesses to doping in oprah interview	lance armstrong confesses all to oprah
the e-mails - oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister	the e-mails - oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
explosions near the iranian embassy in beirut	two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut
two blasts near iranian embassy in beirut	explosions near the iranian embassy in beirut
allen responds to farrow 's abuse claims in letter	allen defends self against farrow 's abuse claims
allen defends self against farrow 's abuse claims	allen responds to farrow 's abuse claims in letter
snowden 's father arrives in moscow	edward snowden 's father in moscow
edward snowden 's father in moscow	snowden 's father arrives in moscow
new world trade center declared tallest building in u.s .	one world trade center named tallest us building
one world trade center named tallest us building	new world trade center declared tallest building in u.s .
five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in egypt	egypt sentences pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
egypt sentences pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling	five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in egypt
former spokesman for u.s. president ronald reagan dies	former reagan spokesman larry speakes dies at 74
former reagan spokesman larry speakes dies at 74	former spokesman for u.s. president ronald reagan dies
three dead , including gunman , in maryland mall shooting	3 dead in maryland mall shooting
3 dead in maryland mall shooting	three dead , including gunman , in maryland mall shooting
bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites	bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites	bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair	us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief
us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief	us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair
officer injured in india anti-rape protests dies	indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies	officer injured in india anti-rape protests dies
faction names bianca ojukwu apga national leader	bianca ojukwu becomes apga national leader
bianca ojukwu becomes apga national leader	faction names bianca ojukwu apga national leader
senate confirms yellen as fed head	us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair
us senate confirms yellen as fed 's next chair	senate confirms yellen as fed head
south africa prays for nelson mandela	south africa unites in prayer and song for nelson mandela
south africa unites in prayer and song for nelson mandela	south africa prays for nelson mandela
iran 's ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance	iran 's ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
belgian king albert ii to step down in favor of son	belgium king albert ii ' to abdicate'
belgium king albert ii ' to abdicate'	belgian king albert ii to step down in favor of son
easy rider star karen black dies aged 74	easy rider actress karen black dies of cancer
easy rider actress karen black dies of cancer	easy rider star karen black dies aged 74
tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct	tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
queen visits london soldier attack scene	queen elizabeth ii visits barracks of uk soldier slain last week
queen elizabeth ii visits barracks of uk soldier slain last week	queen visits london soldier attack scene
india and china troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	india says china agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
india says china agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal	india and china troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
queen to name biggest ever carrier	queen names giant aircraft carrier
queen names giant aircraft carrier	queen to name biggest ever carrier
nearly nine million people in ' severe debt'	britain 's debt timebomb : nine million are in ' serious debt'
britain 's debt timebomb : nine million are in ' serious debt'	nearly nine million people in ' severe debt'
russia releases greenpeace doctor	russian court releases greenpeace ship doctor on bail
russian court releases greenpeace ship doctor on bail	russia releases greenpeace doctor
body of missing south korean shipping tycoon found in field	sewol ferry disaster : body of south korean shipping tycoon found
sewol ferry disaster : body of south korean shipping tycoon found	body of missing south korean shipping tycoon found in field
us flying surveillance missions to help find kidnapped nigerian girls	us surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped nigerian girls
us surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped nigerian girls	us flying surveillance missions to help find kidnapped nigerian girls
southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	southwest flights delayed , canceled after computer glitch
southwest flights delayed , canceled after computer glitch	southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	north korea blocks access to key industrial zone
north korea blocks access to key industrial zone	north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill	uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law
uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law	uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill
bombing aimed at hezbollah hits southern beirut	explosion hits hezbollah area south of beirut
explosion hits hezbollah area south of beirut	bombing aimed at hezbollah hits southern beirut
iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks
iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks	iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
amazon launches new device for streaming video	amazon unveils new fire tv streaming video box
amazon unveils new fire tv streaming video box	amazon launches new device for streaming video
mers respiratory illness found in u.s. , officials confirm	first case of mers , a sars-like respiratory illness , reported in north america
first case of mers , a sars-like respiratory illness , reported in north america	mers respiratory illness found in u.s. , officials confirm
margaret thatcher dies after stroke	margaret thatcher dies at 87
margaret thatcher dies at 87	margaret thatcher dies after stroke
imran blames rival for colleague murder	pakistans imran blames rival for killing party member
pakistans imran blames rival for killing party member	imran blames rival for colleague murder
british nobel-winning author doris lessing dies	nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies
nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies	british nobel-winning author doris lessing dies
soccer ref punched by player dies	police : utah soccer referee punched by player dies
police : utah soccer referee punched by player dies	soccer ref punched by player dies
a man is eating food .	a man is eating something .
a man is eating something .	a man is eating food .
a man puts some cheese on a pizza .	a man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza .
a man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza .	a man puts some cheese on a pizza .
a person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box .	a person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container .
a person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container .	a person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box .
a red double decker bus on a crowded street .	a double decker bus on a city street .
a double decker bus on a city street .	a red double decker bus on a crowded street .
a woman posing by a pillar with a u2 sign .	a woman is standing by a pillar where " u2 " is written .
a woman is standing by a pillar where " u2 " is written .	a woman posing by a pillar with a u2 sign .
a red and white plane flying on a sunny day .	red and white plane flying through the air .
red and white plane flying through the air .	a red and white plane flying on a sunny day .
two bald eagles perched on a branch .	two eagles are perched on a branch .
two eagles are perched on a branch .	two bald eagles perched on a branch .
a group of people having a meal outside .	a group of people eat at a table outside .
a group of people eat at a table outside .	a group of people having a meal outside .
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .
two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .	two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .
a blue scooter parked on a sidewalk .	a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .
a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .	a blue scooter parked on a sidewalk .
a black and white dog swimming in clear water .	a small black and white dog is swimming in water .
a small black and white dog is swimming in water .	a black and white dog swimming in clear water .
a man and woman blow bubbles .	a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .	a man and woman blow bubbles .
three dogs playing in the snow .	three dogs run in the snow .
three dogs run in the snow .	three dogs playing in the snow .
several people are sitting around a fire at night .	a group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .
a group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .	several people are sitting around a fire at night .
two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .	two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .	two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
two black dogs playing in the grass .	two dogs play in the grass .
two dogs play in the grass .	two black dogs playing in the grass .
two boys are jumping into a pool .	two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .	two boys are jumping into a pool .
a woman is bungee jumping .	a girl is bungee jumping .
a girl is bungee jumping .	a woman is bungee jumping .
a woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .	a person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .
a person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .	a woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .
it 's pretty difficult to imagine a person with social anxiety disorder being an extrovert .	on the surface , it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn 't both exist in the same person .
on the surface , it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn 't both exist in the same person .	it 's pretty difficult to imagine a person with social anxiety disorder being an extrovert .
there are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems .	there are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage .
there are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage .	there are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems .
you definitely do not want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding .	no , don 't support your weight on your arms your hands simply aren 't really made for supporting all that weight .
no , don 't support your weight on your arms your hands simply aren 't really made for supporting all that weight .	you definitely do not want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding .
it would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person .	i 'm no herpetologist , but in my experience , snakes are in the " you don 't bug me , i won 't bug you " category .
i 'm no herpetologist , but in my experience , snakes are in the " you don 't bug me , i won 't bug you " category .	it would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person .
yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over .	there 's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling / batting in the super over .
there 's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling / batting in the super over .	yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over .
" generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .	generally unwanted — and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent — spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes .
generally unwanted — and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent — spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes .	" generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .
former company chief financial officer franklyn m. bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on june 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .	last week , former chief financial officer franklyn bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .
last week , former chief financial officer franklyn bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation .	former company chief financial officer franklyn m. bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on june 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
" it just seems like all the issues that we support , he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus of lulac .	" it just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation .
" it just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation .	" it just seems like all the issues that we support , he doesn 't , " said gabriela lemus of lulac .
the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals on wednesday ruled that an ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .	an ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .
an ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeals court ruled yesterday .	the 6th u.s. circuit court of appeals on wednesday ruled that an ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it .
colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	lawyers : colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
lawyers : colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill	colorado shooting suspect was in therapy
sly stallone 's sone sage found dead in la	sylvester stallone 's son found dead at home
sylvester stallone 's son found dead at home	sly stallone 's sone sage found dead in la
7 detained for ' house sister ' scandal	china detains 7 for " house sister " scandal
china detains 7 for " house sister " scandal	7 detained for ' house sister ' scandal
china yuan strengthens to 6.168 against usd monday	china yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against usd thursday
china yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against usd thursday	china yuan strengthens to 6.168 against usd monday
shinzo abe selected as japan ’ s prime minister	shinzo abe is japan 's prime minister
shinzo abe is japan 's prime minister	shinzo abe selected as japan ’ s prime minister
red grapes and blueberries boost immune system , scientists say	red grapes , blueberries boost human immunity
red grapes , blueberries boost human immunity	red grapes and blueberries boost immune system , scientists say
fire in russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire
38 feared dead in russian psychiatric hospital fire	fire in russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve	us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief
us senate confirms janet yellen as new central bank chief	senate confirms janet yellen as chair of us federal reserve
a man is cutting up a cucumber .	a man is slicing a cucumber .
a man is slicing a cucumber .	a man is cutting up a cucumber .
two zebras play in an open field .	two zebras are playing in a field .
two zebras are playing in a field .	two zebras play in an open field .
a polar bear is running towards a group of walruses .	a polar bear is chasing a group of walruses .
a polar bear is chasing a group of walruses .	a polar bear is running towards a group of walruses .
a man pours rice into a pot .	a man is putting rice in a bowling pot .
a man is putting rice in a bowling pot .	a man pours rice into a pot .
a cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan .	a cat is swinging on a fan .
a cat is swinging on a fan .	a cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan .
green and white bird perched on tree branch .	bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch .
bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch .	green and white bird perched on tree branch .
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter .	a small bird perched on an icy branch .
a small bird perched on an icy branch .	a small bird sitting on a branch in winter .
a brown duck and white duck stand on the grass .	brown and white ducks walking on green grass .
brown and white ducks walking on green grass .	a brown duck and white duck stand on the grass .
a train is at a train station .	the train sits at the train station .
the train sits at the train station .	a train is at a train station .
group of people posing with two men dressed as elvis .	a group of people standing with two other people dressed as elvis .
a group of people standing with two other people dressed as elvis .	group of people posing with two men dressed as elvis .
man in yellow canoe paddling through water .	man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore .
man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore .	man in yellow canoe paddling through water .
an elderly man works on his laptop at home .	older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop .
older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop .	an elderly man works on his laptop at home .
a gray cat laying on a brown table .	a grey cat lying on a wooden table .
a grey cat lying on a wooden table .	a gray cat laying on a brown table .
three children playing on a floor with toys .	three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .
three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .	three children playing on a floor with toys .
two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .	two dogs are running through a green yard
two dogs are running through a green yard	two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .
two women give a demonstration at a renaissance fair .	two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair .
two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair .	two women give a demonstration at a renaissance fair .
a group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the blue angels .	a group of people are sitting at a beach watching the blue angels .
a group of people are sitting at a beach watching the blue angels .	a group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the blue angels .
a kid sits on a soccer ball outside .	a kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park .
a kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park .	a kid sits on a soccer ball outside .
but odette is the first to form over the caribbean sea in december , the center said .	it is the first named storm to develop in the caribbean in december .
it is the first named storm to develop in the caribbean in december .	but odette is the first to form over the caribbean sea in december , the center said .
the next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-february .	the court 's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next february .
the court 's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next february .	the next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-february .
but in the first 30 seconds after young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , meyers said .	but in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , jodie meyers , stacy young 's sister , said .
but in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , jodie meyers , stacy young 's sister , said .	but in the first 30 seconds after young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , meyers said .
authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed sars symptoms dec. 10 .	the scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed sars symptoms , officials said .
the scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed sars symptoms , officials said .	authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed sars symptoms dec. 10 .
some 95 million americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .	about half of all u.s. households have money in mutual funds .
about half of all u.s. households have money in mutual funds .	some 95 million americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds .
iraq searches syria bound iran plane : officials	iraq searches syrian-bound iranian plane
iraq searches syrian-bound iranian plane	iraq searches syria bound iran plane : officials
london 2012 olympics opening ceremony ' to feature a green and pleasant land'	london 2012 olympics : opening ceremony to be a ' green and pleasant land ' , says danny boyle
london 2012 olympics : opening ceremony to be a ' green and pleasant land ' , says danny boyle	london 2012 olympics opening ceremony ' to feature a green and pleasant land'
vehicles ablaze in collapsed japan tunnel	vehicles ' left burning ' as smoke emits from japan tunnel
vehicles ' left burning ' as smoke emits from japan tunnel	vehicles ablaze in collapsed japan tunnel
chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape	chinese general ’ s son gets 10 years ’ jail for gang-rape
chinese general ’ s son gets 10 years ’ jail for gang-rape	chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape
dhawan smashes india to big win over south africa	dhawan ton sets up india trophy win over south africa
dhawan ton sets up india trophy win over south africa	dhawan smashes india to big win over south africa
internet , phone service restored in syrian capital	internet service resumes in syria
internet service resumes in syria	internet , phone service restored in syrian capital
gunmen kidnap airline pilots in lebanon	gunmen kidnap 2 turkish airlines pilots in lebanon
gunmen kidnap 2 turkish airlines pilots in lebanon	gunmen kidnap airline pilots in lebanon
kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey in march : report	kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey
kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey	kurdish rebels to withdraw from turkey in march : report
greece suspends state broadcaster	greece to close state broadcaster to save money
greece to close state broadcaster to save money	greece suspends state broadcaster
the company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .	that was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .
that was up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earned $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents a share .	the company posted a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
fish are swimming .	a fish is swimming .
a fish is swimming .	fish are swimming .
in the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing one soldier .	early monday , insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing an american soldier .
early monday , insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing an american soldier .	in the latest violence , insurgents threw a bomb at a u.s. convoy in northern baghdad , killing one soldier .
black train on train tracks .	a train on the train tracks .
a train on the train tracks .	black train on train tracks .
a woman is shooting a gun .	a woman shoots a shotgun .
a woman shoots a shotgun .	a woman is shooting a gun .
aftra members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .	aftra , on the other hand , approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent .
aftra , on the other hand , approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent .	aftra members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % .
the portuguese weather service said europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .	the heatwave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said mario almeida of portugal 's weather service .
the heatwave was due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , said mario almeida of portugal 's weather service .	the portuguese weather service said europe 's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot , dry air moving from the southeast .
a girl is flying a kite .	a girl running is flying a kite .
a girl running is flying a kite .	a girl is flying a kite .
a man is riding a mechanical bull .	a man rode a mechanical bull .
a man rode a mechanical bull .	a man is riding a mechanical bull .
a woman is frying fish .	a woman is cooking fish .
a woman is cooking fish .	a woman is frying fish .
a man is eating a banana by a tree .	a man is eating a banana .
a man is eating a banana .	a man is eating a banana by a tree .
a squirrel is spinning around in circles .	a squirrel runs around in circles .
a squirrel runs around in circles .	a squirrel is spinning around in circles .
a small dog is chasing a yoga ball .	a dog is chasing a ball .
a dog is chasing a ball .	a small dog is chasing a yoga ball .
a man is playing on his keyboard .	a man is playing a keyboard piano .
a man is playing a keyboard piano .	a man is playing on his keyboard .
lionel richie is dancing on the ceiling .	lionel ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling .
lionel ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling .	lionel richie is dancing on the ceiling .
the people got off the train .	the people got off the train at the station .
the people got off the train at the station .	the people got off the train .
a man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep .	a man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle .
a man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle .	a man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep .
two women are wrestling .	two women are wrestling on the floor .
two women are wrestling on the floor .	two women are wrestling .
the puppy played with a blue tennis ball .	a puppy is playing with a tennis ball .
a puppy is playing with a tennis ball .	the puppy played with a blue tennis ball .
a man is playing the guitar .	a man seated in a room is playing the guitar .
a man seated in a room is playing the guitar .	a man is playing the guitar .
a man and woman are walking together through the woods .	a man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area .
a man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area .	a man and woman are walking together through the woods .
two women mix something in a food processor .	two women make something in a blender .
two women make something in a blender .	two women mix something in a food processor .
the man spread butter on the loaf of bread .	a man is spreading butter onto bread .
a man is spreading butter onto bread .	the man spread butter on the loaf of bread .
a person is boiling noodles .	a woman is boiling noodles in water .
a woman is boiling noodles in water .	a person is boiling noodles .
a baby is laughing .	a baby is laughing and giggling .
a baby is laughing and giggling .	a baby is laughing .
a big green ball knocks a potato over .	a large green ball hits a potato .
a large green ball hits a potato .	a big green ball knocks a potato over .
a rooster pecks at a dead mouse .	a chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .
a chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .	a rooster pecks at a dead mouse .
a car is moving through a road .	a car is driving down the road .
a car is driving down the road .	a car is moving through a road .
a dog lies on his back on a wooden floor .	a dog is laying on the floor .
a dog is laying on the floor .	a dog lies on his back on a wooden floor .
the woman is walking her dog .	a woman walks her dog down the street .
a woman walks her dog down the street .	the woman is walking her dog .
paper is being cut with scissors .	a piece of paper is being cut .
a piece of paper is being cut .	paper is being cut with scissors .
the rhino grazed on the grass .	a rhino is grazing in a field .
a rhino is grazing in a field .	the rhino grazed on the grass .
the lady sliced a tomatoe .	someone is cutting a tomato .
someone is cutting a tomato .	the lady sliced a tomatoe .
a rider is running and jumping her horse .	a woman jumps hurdles on a horse .
a woman jumps hurdles on a horse .	a rider is running and jumping her horse .
a man is smoking .	the man sat in his suit and smoked .
the man sat in his suit and smoked .	a man is smoking .
a cat is drinking milk .	a kitten is drinking milk .
a kitten is drinking milk .	a cat is drinking milk .
a woman is tapping her fingers on a table .	a woman is tapping her fingers .
a woman is tapping her fingers .	a woman is tapping her fingers on a table .
a woman is cutting a leak .	a woman is slicing a leek .
a woman is slicing a leek .	a woman is cutting a leak .
a man played the piano .	a man plays a piano .
a man plays a piano .	a man played the piano .
a man is chopping a log with an axe .	a man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe .
a man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe .	a man is chopping a log with an axe .
two men are fighting in a cow pasture .	two men are fighting in a cattle pen .
two men are fighting in a cattle pen .	two men are fighting in a cow pasture .
two boys on a couch are playing video games .	two boys are playing a video game .
two boys are playing a video game .	two boys on a couch are playing video games .
a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .	a woman is cracking eggs .
a woman is cracking eggs .	a woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
a person is playing the keyboard .	a boy is playing a key-board .
a boy is playing a key-board .	a person is playing the keyboard .
someone slices a bottle with a sword .	a man breaks a bottle with a sword .
a man breaks a bottle with a sword .	someone slices a bottle with a sword .
a man is eating a bowl of cereal .	the man is eating cereal .
the man is eating cereal .	a man is eating a bowl of cereal .
a person pours some rice pudding into a bowl .	the lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl .
the lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl .	a person pours some rice pudding into a bowl .
the deer jumped over the fence .	a deer jumps over a cyclone fence .
a deer jumps over a cyclone fence .	the deer jumped over the fence .
the woman droppped eggplant into the pan .	a woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet .
a woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet .	the woman droppped eggplant into the pan .
a woman with a knife is slicing a pepper .	a women slicing green pepper .
a women slicing green pepper .	a woman with a knife is slicing a pepper .
a woman cuts a pineapple .	a woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces .
a woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces .	a woman cuts a pineapple .
a man is taking out the insides of a green pepper .	someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper .
someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper .	a man is taking out the insides of a green pepper .
a kitten is eating its food from a plate .	a kitten eats some food .
a kitten eats some food .	a kitten is eating its food from a plate .
a man makes a call on a cell phone .	a man is making a phone call .
a man is making a phone call .	a man makes a call on a cell phone .
the man lifted barbells .	a man lifts weights .
a man lifts weights .	the man lifted barbells .
a bus driving in a street .	red double decker bus driving down street .
red double decker bus driving down street .	a bus driving in a street .
the man is riding a motorcycle down the road .	a man is riding a red motorcycle on the road .
a man is riding a red motorcycle on the road .	the man is riding a motorcycle down the road .
a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .	a group of people sit around a table with food and beer .
a group of people sit around a table with food and beer .	a group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
a black and white cow in hay .	a black and white cow in a pen with hay .
a black and white cow in a pen with hay .	a black and white cow in hay .
red double decker bus driving through the streets .	double decker passenger bus driving with traffic .
double decker passenger bus driving with traffic .	red double decker bus driving through the streets .
a woman holding a small baby .	a smiling woman holding a small baby .
a smiling woman holding a small baby .	a woman holding a small baby .
a passenger train waiting in a station .	a passenger train waiting at the city train station .
a passenger train waiting at the city train station .	a passenger train waiting in a station .
a black , flat screen television placed on the floor .	a flat screen tv on the floor .
a flat screen tv on the floor .	a black , flat screen television placed on the floor .
a couple posing for a picture on a couch .	young couple sitting on couch .
young couple sitting on couch .	a couple posing for a picture on a couch .
gray cat looking out the window .	a cat looking out of a window .
a cat looking out of a window .	gray cat looking out the window .
an amtrak passenger train waiting at a station .	a passenger train waiting in a station .
a passenger train waiting in a station .	an amtrak passenger train waiting at a station .
two birds are perched on a metal band .	two small birds perched on a metal bar .
two small birds perched on a metal bar .	two birds are perched on a metal band .
a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .	a women wearing a bikini top and jeans .
a women wearing a bikini top and jeans .	a young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .
a brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .	brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .
brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .	a brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .
yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa .	an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .
an orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .	yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa .
a man riding a white horse in an arena .	a man riding a white horse .
a man riding a white horse .	a man riding a white horse in an arena .
a girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse .	a girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .
a girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .	a girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse .
a sheep stands on a hillside .	a large sheep standing on a hill .
a large sheep standing on a hill .	a sheep stands on a hillside .
room with several computer monitors .	a room with four computer monitors in a row .
a room with four computer monitors in a row .	room with several computer monitors .
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
a train is running on the tracks .	a train is running down the track in a rural area .
a train is running down the track in a rural area .	a train is running on the tracks .
the train sits at the train station .	the blue train is at the station .
the blue train is at the station .	the train sits at the train station .
a group of sheep grazing on a hill .	a group of sheep are on a hill .
a group of sheep are on a hill .	a group of sheep grazing on a hill .
a double decker red united bus on a city street .	a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .
a doubly decker red bus driving down the road .	a double decker red united bus on a city street .
a yellow school bus is parked in a rural area .	a yellow school bus parked in a field .
a yellow school bus parked in a field .	a yellow school bus is parked in a rural area .
a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .	a orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
a orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .	a orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .
a double decker red united bus on a city street .	a double decker bus drives on a city street .
a double decker bus drives on a city street .	a double decker red united bus on a city street .
a black train moves down the tracks .	a train traveling down the tracks .
a train traveling down the tracks .	a black train moves down the tracks .
a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .	a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .
a blue moped parked on the sidewalk .	a blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .
several cows grazing on the median by the road .	five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways .
five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways .	several cows grazing on the median by the road .
a computer on a desk .	a computer operating on a desk .
a computer operating on a desk .	a computer on a desk .
yellow boat on a beach .	a yellow boat on shore .
a yellow boat on shore .	yellow boat on a beach .
a gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera .	the cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera .
the cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera .	a gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera .
the white sheep is standing on the green hill .	a sheep stands on a hillside .
a sheep stands on a hillside .	the white sheep is standing on the green hill .
a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .	a green bike parked outside a book store .
a green bike parked outside a book store .	a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
two women stand in a living room with a black dog .	two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera .
two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera .	two women stand in a living room with a black dog .
a close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car .	close up of the headlights on a blue car .
close up of the headlights on a blue car .	a close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car .
a black and white cat lying on a blanket .	a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .	a black and white cat lying on a blanket .
eight bottles of harp lager lined up on the floor .	eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor .
eight bottles of harp beer lined up on a wooden floor .	eight bottles of harp lager lined up on the floor .
close up of a white sheep with a black head .	a close-up of a sheep with a black head .
a close-up of a sheep with a black head .	close up of a white sheep with a black head .
a small red car on top of a semi truck .	red sports car on top of white semi truck .
red sports car on top of white semi truck .	a small red car on top of a semi truck .
a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .	a man stands next to a yellow corvette .
a man stands next to a yellow corvette .	a man is standing next to a yellow sports car .
a baby holds a ketchup packet .	a baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet .
a baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet .	a baby holds a ketchup packet .
a black and brown dog runs through the woods .	a dog running through the woods .
a dog running through the woods .	a black and brown dog runs through the woods .
a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .	a black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .
a black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .	a dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
a boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .	a boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
a boy with a broken arm is sleeping .	a boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
a dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .	a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
a brown dog in a superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .	a dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .	a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .	a child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
the large brown and white dog is running through the snow .	st. bernard dog running in the snowy field .
st. bernard dog running in the snowy field .	the large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .	a child holds a yellow balloon .
a child holds a yellow balloon .	a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
a girl in orange lights a candle .	a girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
a girl in an orange shirt lights candles .	a girl in orange lights a candle .
a skier is falling into the snow .	a skier is falling face first into the snow .
a skier is falling face first into the snow .	a skier is falling into the snow .
two dogs playing in the snow .	two black dogs in the snow .
two black dogs in the snow .	two dogs playing in the snow .
a dog leaps off a dock and into the water .	the black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
the black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .	a dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
two puppies playing around in the grass	two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
two dogs are wrestling in the grass .	two puppies playing around in the grass
a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .	a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
a boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .	a skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
man riding a surfboard on a wave .	a man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .
a man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .	man riding a surfboard on a wave .
brown dog running on grass .	the dog is running on grass .
the dog is running on grass .	brown dog running on grass .
a brown dog chews on an orange ball .	a dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
a dog has an orange ball in its mouth .	a brown dog chews on an orange ball .
a black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner .	a black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
a black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting	a black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner .
a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee .	the brown dog jumps for a pink frisbee .
the brown dog jumps for a pink frisbee .	a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee .
two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .	two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .	two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .	a snowboarder flies through the air .
a snowboarder flies through the air .	a snowboarder jumps into the air .
a girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .	a girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
a girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .	a girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
a young men jumps off rocks into a lake .	a young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
a young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .	a young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
a dog splashing in the water .	a dog splashes in the murky water .
a dog splashes in the murky water .	a dog splashing in the water .
we in britain think differently to americans .	originally posted by zaf we in britain think differently to americans .
originally posted by zaf we in britain think differently to americans .	we in britain think differently to americans .
the human element you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?	you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?
you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?	the human element you could sign lance berkman at the end of the year i guess ?
dr. neander 's revised version .	neander 's revised version " ?
neander 's revised version " ?	dr. neander 's revised version .
and the simple fact today ?	i repeat : and the simple fact today ?
i repeat : and the simple fact today ?	and the simple fact today ?
lacey - welcome back !	anyway , welcome back .
anyway , welcome back .	lacey - welcome back !
tell us what the charges were .	yes what are his charges .
yes what are his charges .	tell us what the charges were .
alright just got in .	not well alright just got in .
not well alright just got in .	alright just got in .
she was a great lady .	she was a nice lady .
she was a nice lady .	she was a great lady .
i thought that was mostly just the dutch .	it is mostly just the dutch .
it is mostly just the dutch .	i thought that was mostly just the dutch .
i 'm so sorry to hear this kelly .	i 'm so sorry , kelly .
i 'm so sorry , kelly .	i 'm so sorry to hear this kelly .
and i 'm your friend mitt .	your good friend mitt .
your good friend mitt .	and i 'm your friend mitt .
hi pro and corn : how many threads do you plan on making ?	how many threads do you plan on making ?
how many threads do you plan on making ?	hi pro and corn : how many threads do you plan on making ?
tell me exactly which system isn 't working right now ?	so which system isn 't working for us ?
so which system isn 't working for us ?	tell me exactly which system isn 't working right now ?
oh , and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right .	particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right .
particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right .	oh , and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right .
operation chaos is merely people voting .	chaos is merely people voting .
chaos is merely people voting .	operation chaos is merely people voting .
it 's definitely not what it used to be .	voted voted it 's definitely not what it used to be .
voted voted it 's definitely not what it used to be .	it 's definitely not what it used to be .
peeve so we agree that it came down essentially in freefall ?	do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall ?
do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall ?	peeve so we agree that it came down essentially in freefall ?
i agree completely i am hoping he is into a second term of office .	i am hoping he is into a second term of office .
i am hoping he is into a second term of office .	i agree completely i am hoping he is into a second term of office .
umm the california was a cargo ship i dont care what the article says .	the california was a cargo ship .
the california was a cargo ship .	umm the california was a cargo ship i dont care what the article says .
march is also the date for the uprising in china .	originally posted by vitchilo march is also the date for the uprising in china .
originally posted by vitchilo march is also the date for the uprising in china .	march is also the date for the uprising in china .
i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .	respectfully submitted , steve i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .
respectfully submitted , steve i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .	i have seen ufo over warsaw in the past .
no , i show you are willfully ignorant .	lol , you are so ignorant .
lol , you are so ignorant .	no , i show you are willfully ignorant .
the ideology was built around violent expansion , so yes - violent expansion .	the ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority .
the ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority .	the ideology was built around violent expansion , so yes - violent expansion .
south asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .	of the 1.1 million infected in south asia , 62 % are female .
of the 1.1 million infected in south asia , 62 % are female .	south asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .
it 's the first such drill since the september 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington .	it is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the sept . 11 terrorist attacks .
it is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the sept . 11 terrorist attacks .	it 's the first such drill since the september 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington .
earlier , they had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar " ( god is greatest ) as bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .	earlier , bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar ( god is greatest ) " as he walked to his seat .
earlier , bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar ( god is greatest ) " as he walked to his seat .	earlier , they had defied a police order and cried " allahu akbar " ( god is greatest ) as bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .
sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .	sovereign shares closed on the new york stock exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .
sovereign shares closed on the new york stock exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .	sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
a passer-by found ben hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .	a passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .
a passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .	a passer-by found ben hiding along a dirt road in spanish fork canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .
the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .	no tumors were detected ; rather , empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place .
no tumors were detected ; rather , empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place .	the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .
it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had the option of signing on google 's services .	it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had been using google 's advertising services .
it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had been using google 's advertising services .	it 's also a strategic win for overture , given that knight ridder had the option of signing on google 's services .
the company is highlighting the addition of .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment ( eae ) with the new mainframe .	the company is also adding .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment development toolset , sapp said .
the company is also adding .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment development toolset , sapp said .	the company is highlighting the addition of .net and j2ee support to its enterprise application environment ( eae ) with the new mainframe .
in canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .	in canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .
in canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .	in canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( u.s. ) mark .
french retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .	by 2040 , retirees will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .
by 2040 , retirees will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .	french retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .	both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .
both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .	both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
the bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .	the bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in iraq and afghanistan .
the bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in iraq and afghanistan .	the bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in iraq and afghanistan .
bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " white house press secretary ari fleischer said yesterday .	on tuesday , before byrd 's speech , fleischer said bush wanted ' ' to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .
on tuesday , before byrd 's speech , fleischer said bush wanted ' ' to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .	bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " white house press secretary ari fleischer said yesterday .
mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville .	manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville .
manuel and his group entered the us the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between matamoros and brownsville .	mr. manuel and his group entered the united states by walking across the bridge linking matamoros and brownsville .
cisco has signed similar deals with at & t corp. t.n , sbc communications inc . sbc.n and sprint corp. fon.n .	cisco has similar relationships with bellsouth competitors sbc communications , at & t and sprint communications .
cisco has similar relationships with bellsouth competitors sbc communications , at & t and sprint communications .	cisco has signed similar deals with at & t corp. t.n , sbc communications inc . sbc.n and sprint corp. fon.n .
on wednesday , the total of national guard and reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .	as of yesterday , the total number of national guard and reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
as of yesterday , the total number of national guard and reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .	on wednesday , the total of national guard and reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitives that has been issued to u.s. troops .	he was the ace of diamonds in a u.s. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .
he was the ace of diamonds in a u.s. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted iraqi leaders .	he was the ace of diamonds in a pack of cards depicting iraqi fugitives that has been issued to u.s. troops .
sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .	sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .
sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .	sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , " said david richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .	" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " said dave richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .
" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " said dave richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .	" we haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , " said david richardson , the icc 's cricket manager .
microsoft said friday that it is halting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computer 's safari browser .	microsoft will stop developing versions of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple 's safari is now all that apple needs .
microsoft will stop developing versions of its internet explorer browser software for macintosh computers , saying that apple 's safari is now all that apple needs .	microsoft said friday that it is halting development of future macintosh versions of its internet explorer browser , citing competition from apple computer 's safari browser .
the measures could be taken up by the full senate as early as friday .	ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full senate by friday .
ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full senate by friday .	the measures could be taken up by the full senate as early as friday .
labor department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .	the analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .
the analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .	labor department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .
the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .	the dow jones rose 41.61 points friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
the dow jones rose 41.61 points friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .	the dow jones industrial average .dji rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
" right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .	but mr. crosby told the associated press : " right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
but mr. crosby told the associated press : " right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .	" right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
mr. bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "	gbi spokesman john bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
gbi spokesman john bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .	mr. bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "
university of michigan president mary sue coleman said in a statement on the university 's web site , " our fundamental values haven 't changed .	" our fundamental values haven 't changed , " mary sue coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in ann arbor .
" our fundamental values haven 't changed , " mary sue coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in ann arbor .	university of michigan president mary sue coleman said in a statement on the university 's web site , " our fundamental values haven 't changed .
carlson on tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .	service officials said carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .
service officials said carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .	carlson on tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .	but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .
but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two .	but other sources close to the sale said vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up .
mr sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on saturday .	he said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids friday night .
he said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids friday night .	mr sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on saturday .
on tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .	the central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .
the central bank 's policy board left rates steady for now , as widely expected , but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness .	on tuesday , the central bank left interest rates steady , as expected , but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks .
the officials did not say whether u.s. forces crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian border guards became involved .	u.s. officials did not say whether american forces , who were acting on intelligence , crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian guards were involved .
u.s. officials did not say whether american forces , who were acting on intelligence , crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian guards were involved .	the officials did not say whether u.s. forces crossed into syrian territory and were vague about how the syrian border guards became involved .
palm wednesday announced plans to acquire handspring , a company started by jeff hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the palm handheld .	palm said on wednesday it plans to buy handspring , a company created by renegade palm co-founder jeff hawkins .
palm said on wednesday it plans to buy handspring , a company created by renegade palm co-founder jeff hawkins .	palm wednesday announced plans to acquire handspring , a company started by jeff hawkins , regarded by many as the father of the palm handheld .
" close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , " mr howard said .	close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .
close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he said .	" close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , " mr howard said .
the mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .	the mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .
the mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation .	the mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards .
a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the texas or louisiana coasts by monday night .	a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico on sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the louisiana coast monday night .
a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico on sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the louisiana coast monday night .	a tropical storm rapidly developed in the gulf of mexico sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the texas or louisiana coasts by monday night .
once converted , baystar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of sco common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .	the investment gives larkspur , calif.-based baystar more than 2.9 million shares of sco common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
the investment gives larkspur , calif.-based baystar more than 2.9 million shares of sco common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .	once converted , baystar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of sco common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding shares .
people who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn 't the right thing to do . "	" what is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do . "
" what is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do . "	people who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn 't the right thing to do . "
world no. 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .	world no.2 lleyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice , including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
world no.2 lleyton hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice , including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .	world no. 2 lleyton hewitt has accused the association of tennis professionals of malice , including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test .
the leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer marissa jaret winokur as edna 's daughter tracy .	marissa jaret winokur , as tracy , won for best actress in a musical .
marissa jaret winokur , as tracy , won for best actress in a musical .	the leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer marissa jaret winokur as edna 's daughter tracy .
" it appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , " burke said .	said mr. burke : " it was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . "
said mr. burke : " it was a textbook landing considering the circumstances . "	" it appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances , " burke said .
" this has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , " investigation board member steven wallace said .	" this was a persistent problem which has not been solved , mechanically and physically , " said board member steven wallace .
" this was a persistent problem which has not been solved , mechanically and physically , " said board member steven wallace .	" this has been a persistent problem that has not been solved , " investigation board member steven wallace said .
amnesty international has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .	amnesty international said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq .
amnesty international said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq .	amnesty international has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in iraq but the actual figure may be much higher .
in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .	in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .
in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal .	in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rites , the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor .
the monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .	the arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
the arm was kept in a separate room , but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .	the monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen .
that triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in downtown washington and northern virginia .	his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown washington and northern virginia .
his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown washington and northern virginia .	that triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters , as traffic backed up in downtown washington and northern virginia .
complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened liberians who have been fighting on both sides .	fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened liberians on both sides .
fighting has continued sporadically in the west , where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened liberians on both sides .	complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened liberians who have been fighting on both sides .
in an e-mail statement to the knoxville news sentinel , shumaker said , ' ' i am not giving any consideration to resignation .	i am not giving any consideration to resignation , " shumaker said in a statement .
i am not giving any consideration to resignation , " shumaker said in a statement .	in an e-mail statement to the knoxville news sentinel , shumaker said , ' ' i am not giving any consideration to resignation .
a poll showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against gop opponent sam katz .	a poll released this week showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort .
a poll released this week showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort .	a poll showed that the fbi bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against gop opponent sam katz .
sobig.f spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as " thank you ! , " " re : details " or " re : that movie . "	the virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like " thank you ! " and " re : details " .
the virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like " thank you ! " and " re : details " .	sobig.f spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as " thank you ! , " " re : details " or " re : that movie . "
griffith , a mount airy native , now lives on the north carolina coast in manteo .	griffith , 77 , grew up in mount airy and now lives in manteo .
griffith , 77 , grew up in mount airy and now lives in manteo .	griffith , a mount airy native , now lives on the north carolina coast in manteo .
he also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself .	he also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered .
he also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered .	he also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself .
albertsons and kroger 's ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .	kroger 's ralphs chain and albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .
kroger 's ralphs chain and albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity .	albertsons and kroger 's ralphs chain locked out their workers in response .
licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .	license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
license sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .	licensing revenue slid 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million .
when fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .	the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out , the company said .
the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out , the company said .	when fully operational , the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people .
the wifi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in britain .	the world 's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in great britain .
the world 's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in great britain .	the wifi potties were to be unveiled this summer , at music festivals in britain .
forecasters said warnings might go up for cuba later thursday .	watches or warnings could be issued for eastern cuba later on thursday .
watches or warnings could be issued for eastern cuba later on thursday .	forecasters said warnings might go up for cuba later thursday .
galloway township , n.j. annika sorenstam drew the crowds , michelle wie got the publicity but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .	galloway township , n.j. > > annika sorenstam and michelle wie drew the crowds , but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .
galloway township , n.j. > > annika sorenstam and michelle wie drew the crowds , but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .	galloway township , n.j. annika sorenstam drew the crowds , michelle wie got the publicity but angela stanford took her first lpga victory .
several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .	following california 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .
following california 's lead , several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans .	several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans .
the mdc called the strike to force mr mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the zimbabwe crisis .	the mdc called the week-long protest to urge mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country .
the mdc called the week-long protest to urge mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country .	the mdc called the strike to force mr mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the zimbabwe crisis .
in january 2000 , notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume .	that compares with january 2000 , when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume , npd said .
that compares with january 2000 , when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume , npd said .	in january 2000 , notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume .
but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal no child left behind act .	but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups , such as race , pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal no child left behind act .
but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups , such as race , pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal no child left behind act .	but the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal no child left behind act .
airtran officials and a boeing official declined to comment yesterday .	trish york , a spokeswoman for boeing , declined to comment on the deal .
trish york , a spokeswoman for boeing , declined to comment on the deal .	airtran officials and a boeing official declined to comment yesterday .
yee is a 1990 graduate of the u.s. military academy at west point , new york .	yee grew up in the united states and graduated from the u.s. military academy at west point .
yee grew up in the united states and graduated from the u.s. military academy at west point .	yee is a 1990 graduate of the u.s. military academy at west point , new york .
" it was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .	state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .
state radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces .	" it was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces .
russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of yukos oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .	the weekend arrest of russia 's richest man , mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yukos , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .
the weekend arrest of russia 's richest man , mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yukos , on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets .	russian stocks fell after the arrest last saturday of mikhail khodorkovsky , chief executive of yukos oil , on charges of fraud and tax evasion .
ricky clemons ' brief , troubled missouri basketball career is over .	missouri kicked ricky clemons off its team , ending his troubled career there .
missouri kicked ricky clemons off its team , ending his troubled career there .	ricky clemons ' brief , troubled missouri basketball career is over .
" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a supreme court appointment , " daschle wrote .	" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " daschle of south dakota wrote the republican president .
" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , " daschle of south dakota wrote the republican president .	" we believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a supreme court appointment , " daschle wrote .
he said the fda was hoping congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .	he said fda hopes congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .
he said fda hopes congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections .	he said the fda was hoping congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers .
ernst & young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .	ernst & young spokesman kenneth kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing .
ernst & young spokesman kenneth kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing .	ernst & young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement .
state police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .	as many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially , the state police said .
as many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially , the state police said .	state police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed .
halliburton on tuesday reiterated its contention that kbr had " delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms " .	" we believe kbr delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms , " halliburton spokeswoman wendy hall said .
" we believe kbr delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms , " halliburton spokeswoman wendy hall said .	halliburton on tuesday reiterated its contention that kbr had " delivered fuel to iraq at the best value , the best price and the best terms " .
the cleveland cavaliers won the right to draft james by winning the nba 's annual lottery thursday night .	such was the case thursday night when the cleveland cavaliers won the " lebron james lottery , " otherwise known as the nba draft lottery .
such was the case thursday night when the cleveland cavaliers won the " lebron james lottery , " otherwise known as the nba draft lottery .	the cleveland cavaliers won the right to draft james by winning the nba 's annual lottery thursday night .
more than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .	more than 100 officers launched the london raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring .
more than 100 officers launched the london raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring .	more than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang .
" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , " chief executive marce fuller said .	" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , " mirant ceo marce fuller said in a prepared statement early friday .
" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , " mirant ceo marce fuller said in a prepared statement early friday .	" our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , " chief executive marce fuller said .
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as friday from the jiuquan launching site in the gobi desert .	the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next wednesday and friday from a launching site in the gobi desert .
the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next wednesday and friday from a launching site in the gobi desert .	the spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as friday from the jiuquan launching site in the gobi desert .
" they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , " he said on sunday .	" what they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away .
" what they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away .	" they drive around in their cars , while people are being killed 500 metres away , " he said on sunday .
he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , moriarty thought .	from the top of the embankment , moriarty thought , " he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold . "
from the top of the embankment , moriarty thought , " he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold . "	he 'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold , moriarty thought .
kedo spokesman , roland tricot said : " the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .	" the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals , " the korean energy development organization said .
" the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals , " the korean energy development organization said .	kedo spokesman , roland tricot said : " the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals .
prosecutors did an about-face in may and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of conner peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .	they asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
they asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on peterson 's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .	prosecutors did an about-face in may and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of conner peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media .
however , other unions including the powerful cgt remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .	the powerful cgt and other unions remained opposed to the plans , however , and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them .
the powerful cgt and other unions remained opposed to the plans , however , and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them .	however , other unions including the powerful cgt remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them .
several thousand 3rd infantry troops , including the 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week .	a few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through friday .
a few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week , with flights continuing through friday .	several thousand 3rd infantry troops , including the 3rd brigade combat team based at fort benning in columbus , began returning last week .
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens ' safety .	mexico wishes to avoid more violence .
mexico wishes to avoid more violence .	mexico wishes to guarantee citizens ' safety .
national , regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons .
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons .	national , regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups .	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government .	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups .
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .	french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup .
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup .	the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan .	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on	north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan .
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor .	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial .
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial .	non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor .
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .	elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty .	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty .	the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty .
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction .	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility .
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility .	egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction .
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships .	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes .
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes .	china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships .
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes .	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes .
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes .	santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility .	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle .	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility .
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government 's development fund .	iraq 's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government .
iraq 's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government .	iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government 's development fund .
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe .
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe .	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic .	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic .
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic .	officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic .
syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in damascus	damascus ' suicide bombing ' kills 10
damascus ' suicide bombing ' kills 10	syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in damascus
suicide bombing rocks elite yemen military camp	suicide bombers attack yemen military posts
suicide bombers attack yemen military posts	suicide bombing rocks elite yemen military camp
abbas to lead palestinian unity government	abbas proposed as pm in interim unity government
abbas proposed as pm in interim unity government	abbas to lead palestinian unity government
massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast	hurricane sandy gains speed , batters us east coast
hurricane sandy gains speed , batters us east coast	massive hurricane sandy bears down on u.s. east coast
saudi arabia arrests suspected militants with al-qaeda links	saudi arabia arrests suspected militants , state media reports
saudi arabia arrests suspected militants , state media reports	saudi arabia arrests suspected militants with al-qaeda links
four men admit london stock exchange bomb plot	four men admit london bombs plot
four men admit london bombs plot	four men admit london stock exchange bomb plot
nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some infiniti cars
nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some infiniti cars	nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
nadal tumbles into french open final	nadal through to seventh french open final
nadal through to seventh french open final	nadal tumbles into french open final
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	alps attack : girl returns to uk
alps attack : girl returns to uk	orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
assange appeals extradition to uk 's top court	assange to appeal extradition to uk 's top court
assange to appeal extradition to uk 's top court	assange appeals extradition to uk 's top court
mob kills man for burning quran	pakistani mob kills man ' for burning koran'
pakistani mob kills man ' for burning koran'	mob kills man for burning quran
france 's strauss-kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	strauss-kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
strauss-kahn charged in prostitution vice ring	france 's strauss-kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
bahrain grand prix underway amid protests	bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest	bahrain grand prix underway amid protests
east german rights activist gauck elected president	joachim gauck elected as german president
joachim gauck elected as german president	east german rights activist gauck elected president
space legend neil armstrong dies	first man on moon neil armstrong dies at 82
first man on moon neil armstrong dies at 82	space legend neil armstrong dies
u.s. , eu cautiously welcome iran 's proposal to restart nuclear talks	u.s. , eu welcome iran 's offer to restart nuclear talks
u.s. , eu welcome iran 's offer to restart nuclear talks	u.s. , eu cautiously welcome iran 's proposal to restart nuclear talks
putin sworn in as russian president	putin sworn in as russia 's president for 6 years
putin sworn in as russia 's president for 6 years	putin sworn in as russian president
golf : westwood takes lead in dubai desert classic	westwood in front a dubai desert classic
westwood in front a dubai desert classic	golf : westwood takes lead in dubai desert classic
aung san suu kyi to address british mps	burma 's aung san suu kyi to address parliament on june visit
burma 's aung san suu kyi to address parliament on june visit	aung san suu kyi to address british mps
sheriff : man recovers stolen car 42 years later	us man recovers car 42 years after theft
us man recovers car 42 years after theft	sheriff : man recovers stolen car 42 years later
google ceo says android important , not critical	larry page says android important , not critical
larry page says android important , not critical	google ceo says android important , not critical
un observers find traces of syrian massacre	un team investigates syrian massacre
un team investigates syrian massacre	un observers find traces of syrian massacre
china says defense budget to rise 11.2 % in 2012	china 's defence spending to rise 11.2 %
china 's defence spending to rise 11.2 %	china says defense budget to rise 11.2 % in 2012
egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	egyptians go to polls in historic election
egyptians go to polls in historic election	egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
gore vidal dead at 86 : legendary author , playwright , and politician dies	gore vidal , celebrated author , playwright , dies at 86
gore vidal , celebrated author , playwright , dies at 86	gore vidal dead at 86 : legendary author , playwright , and politician dies
obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	u.s. relaxes deportation rules for young people : napolitano
u.s. relaxes deportation rules for young people : napolitano	obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
iraqi attacks kill general , four police	attacks in iraq kill general and 4 others
attacks in iraq kill general and 4 others	iraqi attacks kill general , four police
george zimmerman ' to be charged ' with killing trayvon martin	george zimmerman to be charged in trayvon martin case , official says
george zimmerman to be charged in trayvon martin case , official says	george zimmerman ' to be charged ' with killing trayvon martin
'million muppet march ' to defend obama backing of pbs	million muppet march planned to defend u.s. backing for pbs
million muppet march planned to defend u.s. backing for pbs	'million muppet march ' to defend obama backing of pbs
iran 's parliament questions a dismissive ahmadinejad	iran 's parliament questions president ahmadinejad
iran 's parliament questions president ahmadinejad	iran 's parliament questions a dismissive ahmadinejad
u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan , tunisia	us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia , sudan
us orders non-essential staff to leave tunisia , sudan	u.s. orders non-essential staff to leave sudan , tunisia
us election : mitt romney concedes defeat as barack obama wins second term	romney concedes election to obama in phone call
romney concedes election to obama in phone call	us election : mitt romney concedes defeat as barack obama wins second term
dr congo rebels kill park rangers	rebels kill two park rangers in eastern congo
rebels kill two park rangers in eastern congo	dr congo rebels kill park rangers
friends of syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of syrian people	u.s. , friends of syria recognise opposition as sole representative
u.s. , friends of syria recognise opposition as sole representative	friends of syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of syrian people
matt smith to leave doctor who after 4 years	matt smith quits bbc ’ s doctor who
matt smith quits bbc ’ s doctor who	matt smith to leave doctor who after 4 years
schumacher in a coma after ski accident	michael schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
michael schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident	schumacher in a coma after ski accident
bradley cooper and jj abrams in talks about filming a lance armstrong biopic	bradley cooper in talks to play lance armstrong in biopic
bradley cooper in talks to play lance armstrong in biopic	bradley cooper and jj abrams in talks about filming a lance armstrong biopic
mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	zimbabwe : mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
zimbabwe : mugabe declared winner in disputed vote	mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
van der sloot to marry in prison	joran van der sloots plans to get married in peru prison
joran van der sloots plans to get married in peru prison	van der sloot to marry in prison
50th anniversary of jfk 's death remembered	on 50th anniversary of jfk death , dallas holds its first memorial
on 50th anniversary of jfk death , dallas holds its first memorial	50th anniversary of jfk 's death remembered
philadelphia building collapses , 8-10 people may be trapped	philadelphia building collapses ; reports of people trapped
philadelphia building collapses ; reports of people trapped	philadelphia building collapses , 8-10 people may be trapped
north korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	north korea launches short-range missiles
north korea launches short-range missiles	north korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
four u.s. air force helicopter crew members killed in uk crash	us air force helicopter crew killed in british crash
us air force helicopter crew killed in british crash	four u.s. air force helicopter crew members killed in uk crash
malaysia detains australian senator at airport	malaysia detains australian lawmaker at airport
malaysia detains australian lawmaker at airport	malaysia detains australian senator at airport
gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan	gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in pakistan
gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in pakistan	gunmen kill 11 foreign tourists in pakistan
n korea to halt work at joint industrial zone	north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
north korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	n korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
egyptians vote on divisive constitution	egyptians vote on constitution change
egyptians vote on constitution change	egyptians vote on divisive constitution
critical gates memoir rocks obama administration	gates blast rocks obama administration
gates blast rocks obama administration	critical gates memoir rocks obama administration
purge sends chilling message to north korea 's elite	purge of kim uncle sends chilling message to north korea ’ s elite
purge of kim uncle sends chilling message to north korea ’ s elite	purge sends chilling message to north korea 's elite
egypt army cracks down on brotherhood	egypt 's military cracks down on muslim brotherhood
egypt 's military cracks down on muslim brotherhood	egypt army cracks down on brotherhood
vinnie jones reveals cancer battle new	vinnie jones reveals he has skin cancer
vinnie jones reveals he has skin cancer	vinnie jones reveals cancer battle new
judge enters not guilty plea for james holmes	not guilty plea for james holmes – but insanity option still on table
not guilty plea for james holmes – but insanity option still on table	judge enters not guilty plea for james holmes
tropical storm andrea zipping up the east coast	tropical storm andrea to slide up east coast
tropical storm andrea to slide up east coast	tropical storm andrea zipping up the east coast
protests sweep brazil despite concession	protests planned across brazil despite concessions
protests planned across brazil despite concessions	protests sweep brazil despite concession
former zambian president arrested	zambia 's ex-president rupiah banda arrested
zambia 's ex-president rupiah banda arrested	former zambian president arrested
asian shares rally after string of upbeat data	asian markets up on strong us jobs data
asian markets up on strong us jobs data	asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	man and woman found dead in essex hotel swimming pool
man and woman found dead in essex hotel swimming pool	two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
obama cancels moscow meeting with putin	obama canceled meeting with putin
obama canceled meeting with putin	obama cancels moscow meeting with putin
hollande ' threatens legal action ' after affair allegations	françois hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
françois hollande threatens legal action over affair claims	hollande ' threatens legal action ' after affair allegations
helicopter crashes near rail station in london	helicopter crashes in london
helicopter crashes in london	helicopter crashes near rail station in london
japanese planes flew into china 's new defense zone	japan , s korean military planes defy china 's new defence zone
japan , s korean military planes defy china 's new defence zone	japanese planes flew into china 's new defense zone
syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town	syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town	syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
france hails breakthrough after u.s.-russia deal on syria weapons	france welcomes us-russia deal on syria
france welcomes us-russia deal on syria	france hails breakthrough after u.s.-russia deal on syria weapons
isaf soldier killed in afghan ' insider attack'	british soldier shot dead in afghan ‘ insider attack ’
british soldier shot dead in afghan ‘ insider attack ’	isaf soldier killed in afghan ' insider attack'
thieves snatch english channel swimmer 's custom-made wheelchair	thieves steal channel swimmer 's wheelchair
thieves steal channel swimmer 's wheelchair	thieves snatch english channel swimmer 's custom-made wheelchair
stocks to watch at close on monday	stocks to watch on monday
stocks to watch on monday	stocks to watch at close on monday
egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo	police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo
police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo	egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in cairo
u.s. retailers agree to bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new bangladesh factory safety pact
70 retailers agree to new bangladesh factory safety pact	u.s. retailers agree to bangladesh plant safety pact
china launches probe and rover to moon	china launches first moon rover mission
china launches first moon rover mission	china launches probe and rover to moon
china 's peace ark departs for the philippines thursday	china sends aid team to philippines
china sends aid team to philippines	china 's peace ark departs for the philippines thursday
17 killed in us drone attack on yemen wedding party	u.s. drone mistakenly kills 14 in yemen wedding convoy
u.s. drone mistakenly kills 14 in yemen wedding convoy	17 killed in us drone attack on yemen wedding party
monty python to reunite for new show	monty python to reunite on stage
monty python to reunite on stage	monty python to reunite for new show
gang violence kills 16 in venezuelan prison	sixteen killed in venezuela prison
sixteen killed in venezuela prison	gang violence kills 16 in venezuelan prison
crash of malaysia airlines flight mh17 in eastern ukraine	malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border
malaysia airlines plane crashes on ukraine-russia border	crash of malaysia airlines flight mh17 in eastern ukraine
egyptian court considers mubarak ‚ äôs release	egypt court orders mubarak release
egypt court orders mubarak release	egyptian court considers mubarak ‚ äôs release
cricket-england v australia fourth test scoreboard	cricket-england 155-4 v australia , fourth test - tea
cricket-england 155-4 v australia , fourth test - tea	cricket-england v australia fourth test scoreboard
australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	australian pm gillard ousted in leadership vote
australian pm gillard ousted in leadership vote	australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
malaysia airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to beijing	malaysia airlines plane vanishes on flight to beijing
malaysia airlines plane vanishes on flight to beijing	malaysia airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to beijing
us seeks to reassure wary gulf allies over iran deal	hagel seeks to reassure jittery gulf allies after iran deal
hagel seeks to reassure jittery gulf allies after iran deal	us seeks to reassure wary gulf allies over iran deal
palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in prague	palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast	palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in prague
world powers and iran to resume expert nuclear talks on dec. 30	iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week
iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week	world powers and iran to resume expert nuclear talks on dec. 30
record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal	at least 1 dead , 40 hospitalized in southwest heat wave
at least 1 dead , 40 hospitalized in southwest heat wave	record-setting southwest heat wave turns fatal
driver backs into stroller with child , drives off	driver backs into mom , stroller with child then drives off
driver backs into mom , stroller with child then drives off	driver backs into stroller with child , drives off
silvio berlusconi expelled from italy 's parliament	silvio berlusconi expelled from parliament
silvio berlusconi expelled from parliament	silvio berlusconi expelled from italy 's parliament
hosni mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 june	mubarak retrial adjourned to june
mubarak retrial adjourned to june	hosni mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 june
egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins	egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
egypt protesters defy cabinet threat	egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
qatar 's emir hands power to his son	qatari emir hands power to son tamim
qatari emir hands power to son tamim	qatar 's emir hands power to his son
egypt braces for ' friday of anger ' after carnage	egypt braces for friday of anger after bloody crackdown
egypt braces for friday of anger after bloody crackdown	egypt braces for ' friday of anger ' after carnage
china lands jade rabbit robot rover on moon	china lands robot rover on moon
china lands robot rover on moon	china lands jade rabbit robot rover on moon
ukrainian parliament dismisses president	ukraine 's parliament votes to dismiss president
ukraine 's parliament votes to dismiss president	ukrainian parliament dismisses president
captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested	captain of capsized s korean ferry arrested
captain of capsized s korean ferry arrested	captain of sunken south korean ferry arrested
communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7	communist rebels kill eight philippine police
communist rebels kill eight philippine police	communist rebels ambush philippine police , kill 7
woman dies while riding roller coaster in texas	woman dies riding roller coaster at texas amusement park
woman dies riding roller coaster at texas amusement park	woman dies while riding roller coaster in texas
nobel author doris lessing dies at 94	nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies
nobel prize winning author doris lessing dies	nobel author doris lessing dies at 94
first post office savings bank atm opens in chennai	india 's first post office savings bank atm inaugurated in chennai
india 's first post office savings bank atm inaugurated in chennai	first post office savings bank atm opens in chennai
british stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap	british stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in alps
british stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in alps	british stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction	white diamond fetches record $ 34m at hk auction
white diamond fetches record $ 34m at hk auction	white diamond breaks record in hong kong auction
psni failed ruc officers , tribunal told	13 : 23 psni ' failed ruc officer families'
13 : 23 psni ' failed ruc officer families'	psni failed ruc officers , tribunal told
police helicopter crashes into scottish pub	police helicopter crashes on top of bar in glasgow
police helicopter crashes on top of bar in glasgow	police helicopter crashes into scottish pub
us ups pressure on israel as un demands gaza truce	us , un up pressure on israel over gaza
us , un up pressure on israel over gaza	us ups pressure on israel as un demands gaza truce
australian pm says ' very confident ' signals are from black box	australian pm confident sounds are from flight 370
australian pm confident sounds are from flight 370	australian pm says ' very confident ' signals are from black box
philippe becomes king of belgium	philippe ascends throne of divided belgium
philippe ascends throne of divided belgium	philippe becomes king of belgium
india anti-graft party takes charge in new delhi	india 's anti-graft party forms government in delhi
india 's anti-graft party forms government in delhi	india anti-graft party takes charge in new delhi
un court convicts 6 bosnian croats of atrocities	un war crimes court convicts six bosnians croats
un war crimes court convicts six bosnians croats	un court convicts 6 bosnian croats of atrocities
saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at detroit airport	saudi man traveling with pressure cooker arrested
saudi man traveling with pressure cooker arrested	saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at detroit airport
rallies demand ' justice for trayvon'	across us , people rally for ' justice for trayvon'
across us , people rally for ' justice for trayvon'	rallies demand ' justice for trayvon'
hagel , dempsey face congress over defense budget	hagel laments " political " changes to us defence budget
hagel laments " political " changes to us defence budget	hagel , dempsey face congress over defense budget
ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis	ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
syria 's pm escapes assassination try , regime says	syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt	syria 's pm escapes assassination try , regime says
us attorney general holder resigns	us attorney general eric holder to resign
us attorney general eric holder to resign	us attorney general holder resigns
hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , officials vow	hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse	hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , officials vow
china on high alert for typhoon kalmaegi	china issues yellow alert for typhoon kalmaegi
china issues yellow alert for typhoon kalmaegi	china on high alert for typhoon kalmaegi
tokyo shares open higher over buoyant u.s. market	tokyo shares open higher tracing u.s. gains
tokyo shares open higher tracing u.s. gains	tokyo shares open higher over buoyant u.s. market
tokyo shares open higher on buoyant u.s. market	tokyo shares open higher following strong u.s. performance
tokyo shares open higher following strong u.s. performance	tokyo shares open higher on buoyant u.s. market
lewis hamilton takes pole for russian gp	lewis hamilton wins inaugural russian gp
lewis hamilton wins inaugural russian gp	lewis hamilton takes pole for russian gp
suspected boko haram suicide bombers in nigeria kill 24	suspected boko haram attacks kill dozens in nigeria
suspected boko haram attacks kill dozens in nigeria	suspected boko haram suicide bombers in nigeria kill 24
kittens are eating food .	kittens are eating from dishes .
kittens are eating from dishes .	kittens are eating food .
a man is drilling a hole in a board .	someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood .
someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood .	a man is drilling a hole in a board .
a man plays a keyboard .	a person is playing the keyboard .
a person is playing the keyboard .	a man plays a keyboard .
a chef is preparing some food .	a chef prepared a meal .
a chef prepared a meal .	a chef is preparing some food .
a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid .	the woman is pencilling on eye shadow .
the woman is pencilling on eye shadow .	a woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid .
a woman is playing the guitar .	a person is playing a guitar .
a person is playing a guitar .	a woman is playing the guitar .
the cows feed in the trough .	the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .
the brown and white cows are eating in the trough .	the cows feed in the trough .
a cat looking at the camera .	a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
a grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .	a cat looking at the camera .
two women posing with a baby .	two smiling women holding a baby .
two smiling women holding a baby .	two women posing with a baby .
a cat sleeps on purple sheet .	a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
a black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .	a cat sleeps on purple sheet .
a white plane on the runway .	a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .
a white swiss airplane approaches the runway .	a white plane on the runway .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	a large black and white cow in a field .
a large black and white cow in a field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building .	two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall .
two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall .	two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building .
a close-up of a brown horse .	a close-up of a horse .
a close-up of a horse .	a close-up of a brown horse .
an office with multiple desks and green walls .	small office space with bright green walls .
small office space with bright green walls .	an office with multiple desks and green walls .
a man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie .	motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car .
motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car .	a man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie .
black bird sitting on a concrete slab .	black bird standing on concrete .
black bird standing on concrete .	black bird sitting on a concrete slab .
boy lying on couch with small white dog .	a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
a small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .	boy lying on couch with small white dog .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
a black dog is running through the snow .	the black and brown dog is running through the snow .
the black and brown dog is running through the snow .	a black dog is running through the snow .
a little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .	a young girl standing in front of a fountain
a young girl standing in front of a fountain	a little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .	the dogs play in the snow .
the dogs play in the snow .	the two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
there are dogs in the forest .	the dogs are alone in the forest .
the dogs are alone in the forest .	there are dogs in the forest .
man on steps	a man sits on steps .
a man sits on steps .	man on steps
the man is in a deserted field .	the man is outside in the field .
the man is outside in the field .	the man is in a deserted field .
a dog is chasing cows .	a white dog is chasing cows .
a white dog is chasing cows .	a dog is chasing cows .
the man and woman are resting on a couch .	a man and woman are asleep on the couch .
a man and woman are asleep on the couch .	the man and woman are resting on a couch .
a woman jumps and poses for the camera .	a woman poses for the camera .
a woman poses for the camera .	a woman jumps and poses for the camera .
i agree with others ( and yourself ) in that i have never heard this phrase in english .	i have never heard or seen the phrase you mention .
i have never heard or seen the phrase you mention .	i agree with others ( and yourself ) in that i have never heard this phrase in english .
yes , you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile .	absolutely ok ; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter .
absolutely ok ; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter .	yes , you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile .
federal doma does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th amendments to the constitution .	doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the constitution .
doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the constitution .	federal doma does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th amendments to the constitution .
the president is not really all that important for german people .	the function of the german president is almost just representative .
the function of the german president is almost just representative .	the president is not really all that important for german people .
is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying d / l method ?	yes , it 's possible for a match to get tie after applying the d / l method .
yes , it 's possible for a match to get tie after applying the d / l method .	is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying d / l method ?
yes , this is ok , as it allows you to emphasise certain things , that you want the readers to notice .	i believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point .
i believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point .	yes , this is ok , as it allows you to emphasise certain things , that you want the readers to notice .
the decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .	more than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
more than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .	the decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .
also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and aids .	also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines .
also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines .	also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and aids .
" this decision is clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman timothy muris said in a written statement .	the decision is " clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman tim muris said .
the decision is " clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman tim muris said .	" this decision is clearly incorrect , " ftc chairman timothy muris said in a written statement .
he will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .	dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .	he will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
u.s. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected taliban militants after coming under fire in southern afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .	u.s. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected taliban militants in southern afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said sunday .
u.s. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected taliban militants in southern afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said sunday .	u.s. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected taliban militants after coming under fire in southern afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .
at first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .	at first blush , then , the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place .
at first blush , then , the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place .	at first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .
higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .	the federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .
the federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion .	higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state .
he claimed red hat and the free software foundation with trying to undermine u.s. copyright and patent law .	in his letter , mcbride charges the free software foundation and red hat with trying to undermine u.s. copyright laws .
in his letter , mcbride charges the free software foundation and red hat with trying to undermine u.s. copyright laws .	he claimed red hat and the free software foundation with trying to undermine u.s. copyright and patent law .
police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing wells , before bomb technicians arrived .	while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .
while waiting for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb exploded , killing wells .	police then called a bomb squad , but the device exploded , killing wells , before bomb technicians arrived .
tail wagging , abbey trotted on stage with conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference at the anaheim convention center .	on monday , abbey trotted on stage , tail wagging , with conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference .
on monday , abbey trotted on stage , tail wagging , with conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference .	tail wagging , abbey trotted on stage with conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at peoplesoft 's annual customer conference at the anaheim convention center .
the blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .	the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .
the fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters .	the blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them .
consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .	to watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .
to watch pay television , consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service .	consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set .
green lantern to be reintroduced as gay by dc comics	green lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
green lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero	green lantern to be reintroduced as gay by dc comics
malawi confirms president 's death	malawi confirms president mutharika 's death
malawi confirms president mutharika 's death	malawi confirms president 's death
two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan	nato soldier killed in afghan attack
nato soldier killed in afghan attack	two nato soldiers killed in afghanistan
deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into scottish pub	scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub	deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into scottish pub
fashion designer lilly pulitzer dies	designer , socialite lilly pulitzer dies at 81
designer , socialite lilly pulitzer dies at 81	fashion designer lilly pulitzer dies
police helicopter crashes into pub in glasgow - several casualties	helicopter crashes into roof of glasgow club
helicopter crashes into roof of glasgow club	police helicopter crashes into pub in glasgow - several casualties
u.s. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	fast-food workers strike for higher pay
fast-food workers strike for higher pay	u.s. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage
faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv	faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to israel
faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to israel	faa lifts ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv
euro crisis is over , says france 's francois hollande	eurozone debt crisis is over , says france 's president
eurozone debt crisis is over , says france 's president	euro crisis is over , says france 's francois hollande
treasury proposal sees 1.5 % increase in income tax	treasury proposes 1.5 % income tax raise in budget
treasury proposes 1.5 % income tax raise in budget	treasury proposal sees 1.5 % increase in income tax
a man puts three pieces of meat into a pan .	a man is putting meat in a pan .
a man is putting meat in a pan .	a man puts three pieces of meat into a pan .
a man is sitting and smoking .	a man is smoking a cigarette .
a man is smoking a cigarette .	a man is sitting and smoking .
a woman is slicing some tofu .	a woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes .
a woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes .	a woman is slicing some tofu .
a man is riding a horse by a creek .	a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .	a man is riding a horse by a creek .
a little boy hits a golf ball .	the little boy swung at the golf ball .
the little boy swung at the golf ball .	a little boy hits a golf ball .
a woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips .	a woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices .
a woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices .	a woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips .
a person is scrubbing a zucchini .	a woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush .
a woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush .	a person is scrubbing a zucchini .
a lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .	a woman is stirring meat in a bowl .
a woman is stirring meat in a bowl .	a lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl .
a man sleeps with a baby in his lap .	a man asleep in a chair holding a baby .
a man asleep in a chair holding a baby .	a man sleeps with a baby in his lap .
a bicycle is parked by a shop .	a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
a bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .	a bicycle is parked by a shop .
young couple sitting on a black couch .	young couple sitting on couch .
young couple sitting on couch .	young couple sitting on a black couch .
a grey cat lying on a wooden table .	a grey cat laying on a dining table .
a grey cat laying on a dining table .	a grey cat lying on a wooden table .
two indian women with two indian girls near the water .	two indian woman stand with two indian girls on a beach .
two indian woman stand with two indian girls on a beach .	two indian women with two indian girls near the water .
several people on motorcycles in a market square .	people on motorbikes in a city street .
people on motorbikes in a city street .	several people on motorcycles in a market square .
a black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle .	a black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle .
a black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle .	a black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle .
the small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .	a small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera .
a small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera .	the small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .
a woman riding a brown horse .	a girl riding a brown horse .
a girl riding a brown horse .	a woman riding a brown horse .
a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .	a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site .
a black dog stands in the middle of a construction site .	a black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .
a pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top .	pile of wooden debris with chair on top .
pile of wooden debris with chair on top .	a pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top .
four people rowing down a river .	four people row a canoe in water .
four people row a canoe in water .	four people rowing down a river .
older gentleman looking at red motorcycle .	a man looking at a red motorcycle .
a man looking at a red motorcycle .	older gentleman looking at red motorcycle .
crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom .	a group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .
a group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .	crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom .
a small boy is building with some wooden blocks .	a small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
a small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .	a small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .	a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .
a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .	a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .
a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .	a young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
a young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .	a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
the # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track	the # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .
a white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .	a white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
a white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .	a white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
a brown dog is running through the field .	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	a brown dog is running through the field .
four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .	four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .	four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
a brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .	a brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .
a brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .	a brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
a light-colored dog runs through the grass .	a dog runs through the grass .
a dog runs through the grass .	a light-colored dog runs through the grass .
child holding an object that is on fire .	a child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
a child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .	child holding an object that is on fire .
a boy climbs a forest hill .	a boy is climbing a hill .
a boy is climbing a hill .	a boy climbs a forest hill .
a group of people living in the desert	a group of people in the middle of the desert .
a group of people in the middle of the desert .	a group of people living in the desert
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .	you have to know what you want to do .
you have to know what you want to do .	you have to decide what you want to get out of this .
i have few suggestions for you :	i have two suggestions for you :
i have two suggestions for you :	i have few suggestions for you :
as soon as possible .	start them as early as possible .
start them as early as possible .	as soon as possible .
to give this an answer :	i 'll answer this question :
i 'll answer this question :	to give this an answer :
unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .	sorry , i don 't know the answer to your question .
sorry , i don 't know the answer to your question .	unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
the rule - when in doubt throw it out !	i always go by the rule " when in doubt , throw it out !
i always go by the rule " when in doubt , throw it out !	the rule - when in doubt throw it out !
this is not a good idea .	this sound like a very bad idea .
this sound like a very bad idea .	this is not a good idea .
it probably depends on the cut of meat .	it depends on the meat and how it 's cut .
it depends on the meat and how it 's cut .	it probably depends on the cut of meat .
have you tried asking your employees ?	have you tried asking ?
have you tried asking ?	have you tried asking your employees ?
there are two things to consider :	there are two possible causes for this :
there are two possible causes for this :	there are two things to consider :
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	in other words , it depends on where you go , when you do there and how .
in other words , it depends on where you go , when you do there and how .	it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
i have the same thing .	i have had the same problem .
i have had the same problem .	i have the same thing .
my answer to your question is " probably not " .	i think that the short answer to your question is : no .
i think that the short answer to your question is : no .	my answer to your question is " probably not " .
i don 't think it makes any tremendous difference .	i don 't think it makes much difference .
i don 't think it makes much difference .	i don 't think it makes any tremendous difference .
it 's not a good idea .	i do not think it 's a good idea .
i do not think it 's a good idea .	it 's not a good idea .
you are on the right path .	you are right on the mark .
you are right on the mark .	you are on the right path .
how should i proceed about this ?	so how should i do this ?
so how should i do this ?	how should i proceed about this ?
does this page answer your question ?	does this answer your questions ?
does this answer your questions ?	does this page answer your question ?
i 'm going to be very direct here .	i 'm going to be blunt , here : you don 't .
i 'm going to be blunt , here : you don 't .	i 'm going to be very direct here .
it depends entirely on your company and your contract .	i guess it depends on the nature of your contract .
i guess it depends on the nature of your contract .	it depends entirely on your company and your contract .
there are a few things i think you should do .	there are quite a few things you would need to do ;
there are quite a few things you would need to do ;	there are a few things i think you should do .
how do you do that ?	how should you do that ?
how should you do that ?	how do you do that ?
i was in a similar situation .	i am in a similar situation .
i am in a similar situation .	i was in a similar situation .
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it 's up to you what you want to do next .
it 's up to you what you want to do next .	it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
well , i wouldn 't put it on my cv .	i wouldn 't put this job on my resume .
i wouldn 't put this job on my resume .	well , i wouldn 't put it on my cv .
i think there isn 't a general answer .	i don 't think there is an answer for this .
i don 't think there is an answer for this .	i think there isn 't a general answer .
work into it slowly .	you work on it slowly .
you work on it slowly .	work into it slowly .
it varies by the situation .	this varies by institution .
this varies by institution .	it varies by the situation .
i have the same thing .	i have the same problem .
i have the same problem .	i have the same thing .
i have the same thing .	i have the exact same problem .
i have the exact same problem .	i have the same thing .
you have to decide what you want to get out of this .	you have to find out what works for you .
you have to find out what works for you .	you have to decide what you want to get out of this .
it 's not a good idea .	no , it 's not a good thing .
no , it 's not a good thing .	it 's not a good idea .
you have a problem .	this is a big problem .
this is a big problem .	you have a problem .
unfortunately , this question cannot be answered in its full generality .	this cannot be answered in general .
this cannot be answered in general .	unfortunately , this question cannot be answered in its full generality .
i think there isn 't a general answer .	i don 't think there is a single definition .
i don 't think there is a single definition .	i think there isn 't a general answer .
my answer to your question is " probably not " .	the answer to your question is not really .
the answer to your question is not really .	my answer to your question is " probably not " .
i had the same problem as you .	i had the same issue .
i had the same issue .	i had the same problem as you .
hope this is what you are looking for .	is this the kind of thing you 're looking for ?
is this the kind of thing you 're looking for ?	hope this is what you are looking for .
there are a few things you can do :	there are a few things you need to consider :
there are a few things you need to consider :	there are a few things you can do :
it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .	it depends on what and where you are going to do .
it depends on what and where you are going to do .	it depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
in the us , it will depend on the school .	this will depend on the university .
this will depend on the university .	in the us , it will depend on the school .
there are a few things i think you should do .	there are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .
there are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .	there are a few things i think you should do .
i 've had this same problem .	i had this problem before .
i had this problem before .	i 've had this same problem .
not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .	not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps .
not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps .	not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .
claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 with 85-mph wind .	claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 , classified as a category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .
claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 , classified as a category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .	claudette , the first hurricane of the atlantic storm season , hit the mid-texas coast july 15 with 85-mph wind .
the afl-cio is waiting until october to decide if it will endorse a candidate .	the afl-cio announced wednesday that it will decide in october whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .
the afl-cio announced wednesday that it will decide in october whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .	the afl-cio is waiting until october to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .	the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .	the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
shares of mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .	shares of mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 thursday .
shares of mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 thursday .	shares of mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .
under mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .	bounty hunting is illegal in mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .
bounty hunting is illegal in mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .	under mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .
the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .
the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .	the injured were taken to hospitals in jefferson city and columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .
frank quattrone , the former credit suisse first boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .	new york - ( dow jones ) - former star investment banker frank quattrone pleaded not guilty tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
new york - ( dow jones ) - former star investment banker frank quattrone pleaded not guilty tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .	frank quattrone , the former credit suisse first boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
it later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow .	tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures .
tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures .	it later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow .
klarman was arrested by fbi agents in the hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of new york city .	klarman was arrested by fbi agents monday morning at his home in new york .
klarman was arrested by fbi agents monday morning at his home in new york .	klarman was arrested by fbi agents in the hamptons , an exclusive summer resort enclave east of new york city .
bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , mahendradatta told reuters .	bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law , he added .
bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law , he added .	bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts , mahendradatta told reuters .
those conversations had not taken place as of tuesday night , according to an oracle spokeswoman .	those talks have not taken place , according to an oracle spokeswoman .
those talks have not taken place , according to an oracle spokeswoman .	those conversations had not taken place as of tuesday night , according to an oracle spokeswoman .
" tomorrow at the mission inn , i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california .	" i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california , and i 'm looking forward to it . "
" i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california , and i 'm looking forward to it . "	" tomorrow at the mission inn , i have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of california .
he was referring to john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last sunday .	next week , john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .
next week , john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up his position .	he was referring to john s. reed , the former citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last sunday .
the driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , supoyo said .	but police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning .
but police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning .	the driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police , supoyo said .
geraldine andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .	geraldine andrews , reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of wilson 's family , said robinson had recently taken wilson out of a mental health facility .
geraldine andrews , reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of wilson 's family , said robinson had recently taken wilson out of a mental health facility .	geraldine andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , said robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility .
so in his state of the union address in january , bush declared that the british government " has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "	in his jan. 28 state of the union message , bush said , " the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "
in his jan. 28 state of the union message , bush said , " the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "	so in his state of the union address in january , bush declared that the british government " has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa . "
the other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called " public " board members .	of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives , half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members .
of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives , half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members .	the other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called " public " board members .
schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat	schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies double gets trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies in at the double
sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies in at the double	sunderland 2-2 bolton : davies double gets trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
trade newspaper variety up for sale	hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale
hollywood trade publication variety put up for sale	trade newspaper variety up for sale
syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
syria army takes northern rebel stronghold	syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
libya postpones assembly election to july 7	libya postpones landmark election to july 7
libya postpones landmark election to july 7	libya postpones assembly election to july 7
defiant mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts ' vile ' west	mugabe sworn in for another term
mugabe sworn in for another term	defiant mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts ' vile ' west
powerful quake strikes off eastern indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern indonesia
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern indonesia	powerful quake strikes off eastern indonesia
uk 's ex-premier margaret thatcher dies at 87	former british pm margaret thatcher dies
former british pm margaret thatcher dies	uk 's ex-premier margaret thatcher dies at 87
twitter reports blocking in venezuela	twitter says images blocked in venezuela
twitter says images blocked in venezuela	twitter reports blocking in venezuela
more than 100 injured in texas plant blast	hundreds believed injured in texas fertiliser plant blast
hundreds believed injured in texas fertiliser plant blast	more than 100 injured in texas plant blast
south korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with north korea	south korean soldier kills comrades and flees
south korean soldier kills comrades and flees	south korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with north korea
a girl is communicating with sign language .	a young girl is using sign language .
a young girl is using sign language .	a girl is communicating with sign language .
a woman is slicing a pepper .	a woman is cutting a red pepper .
a woman is cutting a red pepper .	a woman is slicing a pepper .
" the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . "	the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims " may signal more favorable economic times ahead , " she said .
the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims " may signal more favorable economic times ahead , " she said .	" the recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead . "
a person is rinsing a steak off with water .	a man is rinsing a large steak .
a man is rinsing a large steak .	a person is rinsing a steak off with water .
the judge also refused to postpone the trial date of sept . 29 .	obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the sept . 29 trial date .
obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the sept . 29 trial date .	the judge also refused to postpone the trial date of sept . 29 .
a helicopter is landing on a helipad .	a helicopter lands .
a helicopter lands .	a helicopter is landing on a helipad .
results of the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released yesterday by statistics canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .	the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released wednesday by statistics canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .
the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released wednesday by statistics canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves .	results of the 2001 aboriginal peoples survey released yesterday by statistics canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves .
she said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .	she said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .
she said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .	she said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a bamboo flute .
a man is playing a bamboo flute .	a man is playing a flute .
the network is also dropping its friday night " dateline " edition .	the network will drop one edition of " dateline , " its newsmagazine franchise .
the network will drop one edition of " dateline , " its newsmagazine franchise .	the network is also dropping its friday night " dateline " edition .
for the 12-month period ending june 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .	for the full year period ending june 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
for the full year period ending june 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .	for the 12-month period ending june 30 , high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent .
worldcom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in july 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .	worldcom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in july , 2002 .
worldcom 's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in july , 2002 .	worldcom 's accounting problems came to light early last year , and the company filed for bankruptcy in july 2002 , citing massive accounting irregularities .
it can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .	and it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
and it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .	it can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .
a man is getting into a car .	a man is getting into a car in a garage .
a man is getting into a car in a garage .	a man is getting into a car .
the film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in november with the matrix revolutions .	" reloaded " is the second installment of a trilogy ; " the matrix revolutions " is slated for debut in november .
" reloaded " is the second installment of a trilogy ; " the matrix revolutions " is slated for debut in november .	the film is the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in november with the matrix revolutions .
women are running .	two women are running .
two women are running .	women are running .
a man is playing a large flute .	a man is playing a flute .
a man is playing a flute .	a man is playing a large flute .
a man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza .	a man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .
a man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .	a man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza .
a cat is rubbing against baby 's face .	a cat is rubbing against a baby .
a cat is rubbing against a baby .	a cat is rubbing against baby 's face .
a kid is playing guitar .	a boy is playing a guitar .
a boy is playing a guitar .	a kid is playing guitar .
a man is peeling a potato .	a man peeled a potatoe .
a man peeled a potatoe .	a man is peeling a potato .
a boy is checking a calender .	a boy is looking at a calendar .
a boy is looking at a calendar .	a boy is checking a calender .
the shirtless man sat in a chair .	a shirtless man is sitting on a chair .
a shirtless man is sitting on a chair .	the shirtless man sat in a chair .
an animal run in circles .	a squirrel runs in circles .
a squirrel runs in circles .	an animal run in circles .
a woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl .	a woman is cracking an egg into a bowl .
a woman is cracking an egg into a bowl .	a woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl .
a man pours oil on some tomatos .	the man poured oil on the cut tomatoes .
the man poured oil on the cut tomatoes .	a man pours oil on some tomatos .
a cheetah is running .	a cheetah is running across a field .
a cheetah is running across a field .	a cheetah is running .
the person is riding the horse .	a man is riding a horse .
a man is riding a horse .	the person is riding the horse .
the woman is cutting cooked octopus .	a woman is chopping octopus .
a woman is chopping octopus .	the woman is cutting cooked octopus .
a person is cutting some burrata cheese .	the person is slicing cheese .
the person is slicing cheese .	a person is cutting some burrata cheese .
the man is shooting an automatic rifle .	a man is shooting a gun .
a man is shooting a gun .	the man is shooting an automatic rifle .
a puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .	a puppy is pushing itself backwards .
a puppy is pushing itself backwards .	a puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .
a woman swims underwater .	a woman is swimming .
a woman is swimming .	a woman swims underwater .
a woman is resting in a floating raft .	a woman relaxes in an inner tube .
a woman relaxes in an inner tube .	a woman is resting in a floating raft .
the little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball .	a baby plays with a dog and ball .
a baby plays with a dog and ball .	the little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball .
soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal .	a soccer player scores a goal .
a soccer player scores a goal .	soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal .
two robots share a kiss .	a male and female robot are kissing .
a male and female robot are kissing .	two robots share a kiss .
a man is slicing a pepper .	a person cuts a big green pepper apart .
a person cuts a big green pepper apart .	a man is slicing a pepper .
two cartoon rabbits are kissing .	a rabbit is kissing another rabbit .
a rabbit is kissing another rabbit .	two cartoon rabbits are kissing .
someone is slicing a cucumber .	a man is slicing a cucumber .
a man is slicing a cucumber .	someone is slicing a cucumber .
a cow is eating grass .	a cow is eating hay .
a cow is eating hay .	a cow is eating grass .
a kid is playing an instrument .	a young boy is playing a wind instrument .
a young boy is playing a wind instrument .	a kid is playing an instrument .
a woman is playing the flute .	a girl is playing a flute .
a girl is playing a flute .	a woman is playing the flute .
a man laying down and shooting a gun	a man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle .
a man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle .	a man laying down and shooting a gun
a person is adding chili powder to chili with beans .	the man is adding seasoning to the beans .
the man is adding seasoning to the beans .	a person is adding chili powder to chili with beans .
a girl is dragged downhill by a dog .	a dog is pulling a child down a hill .
a dog is pulling a child down a hill .	a girl is dragged downhill by a dog .
an apple computer sitting on the floor .	a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .
a macintosh computer sitting on the floor .	an apple computer sitting on the floor .
a jockey riding a horse .	a jockey riding a horse in a pen .
a jockey riding a horse in a pen .	a jockey riding a horse .
a woman riding a brown horse .	a young girl riding a brown horse .
a young girl riding a brown horse .	a woman riding a brown horse .
a brown horse stands in a lush green field .	a brown horse in a green field .
a brown horse in a green field .	a brown horse stands in a lush green field .
black cow walking under trees in pasture .	cow walking under the tree in a pasture .
cow walking under the tree in a pasture .	black cow walking under trees in pasture .
two eagles perched on a branch .	two bald eagles perched on a branch .
two bald eagles perched on a branch .	two eagles perched on a branch .
a striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter .	domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .
domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .	a striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter .
five birds stand on the snow .	several cardinals stand in the snow .
several cardinals stand in the snow .	five birds stand on the snow .
a young girl riding a white and grey horse .	a young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .
a young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .	a young girl riding a white and grey horse .
two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .	two cats are looking at a window .
two cats are looking at a window .	two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .
plane in mid-flight at sunset .	a plane flying near the sunset .
a plane flying near the sunset .	plane in mid-flight at sunset .
cows grazing in a snow covered field .	five cows grazing in a snow covered field .
five cows grazing in a snow covered field .	cows grazing in a snow covered field .
a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .	a black and white cow standing in the field .
a black and white cow standing in the field .	a black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
a cat reclines on an office chair .	a ginger cat sitting on an office chair .
a ginger cat sitting on an office chair .	a cat reclines on an office chair .
group of people sitting at table of restaurant .	two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .
two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .	group of people sitting at table of restaurant .
a scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .	a scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle .
a scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle .	a scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .
black and white cow standing in grassy field .	a black and white horned cow standing in a field .
a black and white horned cow standing in a field .	black and white cow standing in grassy field .
a young girl riding a brown horse .	a woman in riding a brown horse .
a woman in riding a brown horse .	a young girl riding a brown horse .
two cows crossing a road intersection .	two cows cross a paved street .
two cows cross a paved street .	two cows crossing a road intersection .
a women standing next to a brown cow .	a women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field .
a women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field .	a women standing next to a brown cow .
woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .	a woman in a blue dress cuts a cake .
a woman in a blue dress cuts a cake .	woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .
a white bus with the word julia is near water and a big ship .	a white bus with water and a barge in the background .
a white bus with water and a barge in the background .	a white bus with the word julia is near water and a big ship .
train in a station .	trains inside an indoor station .
trains inside an indoor station .	train in a station .
elegant dining room with wood furniture .	an elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .
an elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .	elegant dining room with wood furniture .
view of a living room with a dining room in the background .	a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .
a living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .	view of a living room with a dining room in the background .
a bicycle is parked by a shop .	a green bike parked outside a book store .
a green bike parked outside a book store .	a bicycle is parked by a shop .
two people are sailing a small boat .	two women in a sailboat .
two women in a sailboat .	two people are sailing a small boat .
the young rider takes a ride on the brown horse .	a young female rider on a brown horse .
a young female rider on a brown horse .	the young rider takes a ride on the brown horse .
little white lamb with nose to wood .	a white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .
a white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .	little white lamb with nose to wood .
young woman in riding gear on top of horse .	the woman is riding on the brown horse .
the woman is riding on the brown horse .	young woman in riding gear on top of horse .
a kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves .	a small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter .
a small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter .	a kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves .
a woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area .	a women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area .
a women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area .	a woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area .
a man stands in front of a train .	a man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .
a man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .	a man stands in front of a train .
a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .	a dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .
a dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .	a brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
three children and playing and laughing on the floor .	three children playing on the floor .
three children playing on the floor .	three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
two girls are sitting in front of a statue .	two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue	two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
a brown dog about to catch a green frisbee .	a brown dog waits for the frisbee to come down before catching it .
a brown dog waits for the frisbee to come down before catching it .	a brown dog about to catch a green frisbee .
the man in the backpack looks to his left .	an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
an adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .	the man in the backpack looks to his left .
a small dog runs through an obstacle course .	a small dog jumping over an obstacle .
a small dog jumping over an obstacle .	a small dog runs through an obstacle course .
a boy goes down an inflatable slide .	a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
a boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .	a boy goes down an inflatable slide .
two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .	two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .
two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .	two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .
a dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth .	a puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
a puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .	a dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth .
a dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag .	a pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
a pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .	a dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag .
a bird sits in a tree .	a bird sits in a leafless tree .
a bird sits in a leafless tree .	a bird sits in a tree .
the young man is skateboarding at a skate park .	a boy in a blue t shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
a boy in a blue t shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .	the young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
the black dog is walking through the tall grass .	the black dog is running through the grass .
the black dog is running through the grass .	the black dog is walking through the tall grass .
a person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .	a person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .
a person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .	a person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
two people sit on a dock near the water .	two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .	two people sit on a dock near the water .
the problem is simpler than that .	the problem is simple .
the problem is simple .	the problem is simpler than that .
dickshot matt holliday owns .	matt holliday owns , y 'all .
matt holliday owns , y 'all .	dickshot matt holliday owns .
you have too much regulation , not too little .	you have to much intervention in free markets , not too little .
you have to much intervention in free markets , not too little .	you have too much regulation , not too little .
no extortion , no bribery , no money involved he 's asking for money for his vote .	no extortion , no bribery , no money involved only class e felonies .
no extortion , no bribery , no money involved only class e felonies .	no extortion , no bribery , no money involved he 's asking for money for his vote .
the bailout was bigger than tarp bloomberg news .	the bailout was bigger than tarp this title is misleading .
the bailout was bigger than tarp this title is misleading .	the bailout was bigger than tarp bloomberg news .
- admin drpizza and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .	and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .	- admin drpizza and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
we all believe that we are getting what we expect .	most times , % of the time , we are getting what we expect .
most times , % of the time , we are getting what we expect .	we all believe that we are getting what we expect .
let 's let this play out in court .	nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court .
nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court .	let 's let this play out in court .
has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?	one word : zombies has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
one word : zombies has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?	has annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
wait until they become more consistent and closer together .	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together .
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together .	wait until they become more consistent and closer together .
yeah , i don 't think this is that controversial either .	i don 't think what she 's saying is that controversial .
i don 't think what she 's saying is that controversial .	yeah , i don 't think this is that controversial either .
holly holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
say what you will we are all vessels filled with many wonders .	holly holy we are all vessels filled with many wonders .
originally posted by spikdboy not wishful thinking , rather realistic .	originally posted by objectivism not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
originally posted by objectivism not wishful thinking , rather realistic .	originally posted by spikdboy not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
i don 't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited .	your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today .
your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today .	i don 't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited .
just so long as the tax on that sale is paid .	just so long as the tax is paid .
just so long as the tax is paid .	just so long as the tax on that sale is paid .
do you further agree that i have made no claim ?	so that you will admit and verify that i have made no claim .
so that you will admit and verify that i have made no claim .	do you further agree that i have made no claim ?
part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion .	pro-life also refers to just " opposition to abortion " .
pro-life also refers to just " opposition to abortion " .	part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion .
your confusion doesn 't make me a liar .	then your confusion doesn 't make me a liar either .
then your confusion doesn 't make me a liar either .	your confusion doesn 't make me a liar .
my hair is pretty thing tho : / quote : ditto .	my hair is pretty thing tho : / woops !
my hair is pretty thing tho : / woops !	my hair is pretty thing tho : / quote : ditto .
in 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .	wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .
wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at beacon hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , morgenthau said .	in 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .
gilroy police and fbi agents described gehring as cooperative , but said saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .	saturday , officials in california described gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children .
saturday , officials in california described gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children .	gilroy police and fbi agents described gehring as cooperative , but said saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .
only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .	only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .
only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .	only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .
instead , tickets for the jersey jam went on sale last night through ticketmaster .	tickets , available through ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .
tickets , available through ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .	instead , tickets for the jersey jam went on sale last night through ticketmaster .
the rev. christopher j. coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment friday .	the rev. christopher coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .
the rev. christopher coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .	the rev. christopher j. coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment friday .
one had also pointed to the word refugee in an english / turkish dictionary .	one man had brandished an english-turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .
one man had brandished an english-turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .	one had also pointed to the word refugee in an english / turkish dictionary .
his dissent was joined by chief justice william h. rehnquist and justice clarence thomas .	chief justice william h. rehnquist and justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas dissented .
chief justice william h. rehnquist and justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas dissented .	his dissent was joined by chief justice william h. rehnquist and justice clarence thomas .
harris and klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on april 20 , 1999 .	harris and klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .
harris and klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .	harris and klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on april 20 , 1999 .
tehran has made clear it will only sign the additional protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian western nuclear technology is lifted .	tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful western nuclear technology is lifted .
tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful western nuclear technology is lifted .	tehran has made clear it will only sign the additional protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian western nuclear technology is lifted .
the fed 's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .	prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .
prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .	the fed 's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june , a record high , from 10.6 in may .
tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and right fielder aubrey huff were ejected for arguing after huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .	tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .
tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .	tampa bay manager lou piniella , bench coach john mclaren and right fielder aubrey huff were ejected for arguing after huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .
nick markakis , a left-hander from young harris junior college in georgia , went to the orioles with the seventh pick .	next , baltimore took nick markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from young harris junior college in georgia .
next , baltimore took nick markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from young harris junior college in georgia .	nick markakis , a left-hander from young harris junior college in georgia , went to the orioles with the seventh pick .
chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment july 3 .	mr. chapman , who hasn 't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next thursday , prosecutors said .
mr. chapman , who hasn 't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next thursday , prosecutors said .	chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment july 3 .
the u.s. conference board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .	the conference board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
the conference board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .	the u.s. conference board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
the california farm bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	the california farm bureau did not immediately have an official response to tuesday 's ruling .
the california farm bureau did not immediately have an official response to tuesday 's ruling .	the california farm bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
the findings were published in the july 1 issue of the annals of internal medicine .	the findings are being published today in the annals of internal medicine .
the findings are being published today in the annals of internal medicine .	the findings were published in the july 1 issue of the annals of internal medicine .
gov. rick perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the lottery commission .	gov. rick perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be " hard-pressed " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
gov. rick perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be " hard-pressed " to veto the lottery sunset bill .	gov. rick perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the lottery commission .
in kentucky , democratic attorney general ben chandler faces u.s. rep. ernie fletcher .	kentucky : republican ernie fletcher , a three-term house member , is battling democratic state attorney general ben chandler .
kentucky : republican ernie fletcher , a three-term house member , is battling democratic state attorney general ben chandler .	in kentucky , democratic attorney general ben chandler faces u.s. rep. ernie fletcher .
chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got " at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . "	albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had " at least one of the fires resolved . "
albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had " at least one of the fires resolved . "	chavez said investigators feel confident they 've got " at least one of the fires resolved in that regard . "
but church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many episcopalians .	but church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some episcopalians who believe the bible prohibits homosexuality .
but church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some episcopalians who believe the bible prohibits homosexuality .	but church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many episcopalians .
the weakness exists in the way that vba looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .	the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft 's visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .
the vulnerability exists in the way microsoft 's visual basic for applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened .	the weakness exists in the way that vba looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application .
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made " .	however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . "
however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . "	however , we have decided to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made " .
lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination .	lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination .
lay had refused to turn over the papers , asserting his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination .	lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination .
excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .	analysts polled by thomson financial first call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .
analysts polled by thomson financial first call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations .	excluding the charges , analysts , on average , expected a loss of 11 cents a share .
israeli soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny west bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a us-backed mideast peace plan .	israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the west bank yesterday - an israeli obligation under a new mideast peace plan .
israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the west bank yesterday - an israeli obligation under a new mideast peace plan .	israeli soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny west bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a us-backed mideast peace plan .
this northern autumn us trainers will work with soldiers from four north african countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .	later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four north african nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .
later this year , the command will send trainers with soldiers from four north african nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions .	this northern autumn us trainers will work with soldiers from four north african countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence .
sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the sco announcement .	a spokesman for sco could not be reached for comment this afternoon .
a spokesman for sco could not be reached for comment this afternoon .	sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the sco announcement .
" there is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the un , " he said .	he added : " there is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .
he added : " there is no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme .	" there is no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that was documented by the un , " he said .
gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .	gemstar shares moved higher on the news , closing up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on nasdaq .
gemstar shares moved higher on the news , closing up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on nasdaq .	gemstar 's shares gathered up 2.6 percent , adding 14 cents to $ 5.49 at the close .
kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertsons inc. bargain jointly with safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .	in a show of corporate solidarity , kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertson inc. locked out their workers the next morning .
in a show of corporate solidarity , kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertson inc. locked out their workers the next morning .	kroger co . , which owns ralphs , and albertsons inc. bargain jointly with safeway and locked out their union workers the next day .
his lawyer , pamela mackey , said bryant expects to be completely exonerated .	" mr. bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , " mackey said in a statement .
" mr. bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated , " mackey said in a statement .	his lawyer , pamela mackey , said bryant expects to be completely exonerated .
the new york mets then selected outfielder lastings milledge from lakewood ranch high school in florida .	the mets took lastings milledge , an outfielder from florida , with the 12th pick .
the mets took lastings milledge , an outfielder from florida , with the 12th pick .	the new york mets then selected outfielder lastings milledge from lakewood ranch high school in florida .
the consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from january to june , 53 % of citigroup 's profit and revenue .	it generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of citigroup 's totals .
it generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of citigroup 's totals .	the consumer group generated $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from january to june , 53 % of citigroup 's profit and revenue .
mr alibek said : " our outcomes are very encouraging .	" our outcomes are very encouraging , " george mason researcher ken alibek said .
" our outcomes are very encouraging , " george mason researcher ken alibek said .	mr alibek said : " our outcomes are very encouraging .
she survives him as do their four children -- sons anthony and kelly , daughters linda hope and nora somers -- and four grandchildren .	hope is survived by his wife ; sons anthony and kelly ; daughters linda and nora somers ; and four grandchildren .
hope is survived by his wife ; sons anthony and kelly ; daughters linda and nora somers ; and four grandchildren .	she survives him as do their four children -- sons anthony and kelly , daughters linda hope and nora somers -- and four grandchildren .
It that happens, just pull the plug.	if that ever happens, just pull the plug.
if that ever happens, just pull the plug.	It that happens, just pull the plug.
A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.
A black dog is running through some water.	A black dog running through water.
I've been searchingthe entire abbey for you.	I'm looking for you all over the abbey.
I'm looking for you all over the abbey.	I've been searchingthe entire abbey for you.
If he is good looking and has a good personality, he might be straight - but is more likely bisexual.	If he's good looking, and a good personality, he MIGHT be straight, but more likely bi.
If he's good looking, and a good personality, he MIGHT be straight, but more likely bi.	If he is good looking and has a good personality, he might be straight - but is more likely bisexual.
She does not hate you, she is just annoyed with you.	She doesn't hate you, she is just annoyed.
She doesn't hate you, she is just annoyed.	She does not hate you, she is just annoyed with you.
Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81	Actor Gazzara dead at 81
No, I really didn't want New York to win.	No i didn't want New york to win
No i didn't want New york to win	No, I really didn't want New York to win.
I hae no problems with them.	lol i have no problems with them.
lol i have no problems with them.	I hae no problems with them.
Your parents do not have to like your boyfriend, you do.	your parents dont have to like your bf, you do.
your parents dont have to like your bf, you do.	Your parents do not have to like your boyfriend, you do.
I think Taylor is really cute, but I hate his voice.	I think Taylor is SUPER cute...but I hate his voice.
I think Taylor is SUPER cute...but I hate his voice.	I think Taylor is really cute, but I hate his voice.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	A pale dog runs down a path.
A pale dog runs down a path.	A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
The four year old in your trunk.	The 4 Year old in your trunk
The 4 Year old in your trunk	The four year old in your trunk.
You might find out later, that you lost the perfect one.	u might find out later you lost the perfect one.
u might find out later you lost the perfect one.	You might find out later, that you lost the perfect one.
If she mentioned that she just wants to be friends, then it's too late.	If she has said she just wants to be friends it is already too late.
If she has said she just wants to be friends it is already too late.	If she mentioned that she just wants to be friends, then it's too late.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.	A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.	A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.
Guys can be weird. I should know.	Guys can be wierd; I should know.
Guys can be wierd; I should know.	Guys can be weird. I should know.
A brown dog is jumping.	A brown dog is jumping
A brown dog is jumping	A brown dog is jumping.
Fritz Laband was a German footballer .	Fritz Laband is a former German football player .
Fritz Laband is a former German football player .	Fritz Laband was a German footballer .
Do not believe this guy for an instant.	Don't believe this guy for an instant.
Don't believe this guy for an instant.	Do not believe this guy for an instant.
Especially if you really like him and know he is shy.	especially if you really like him and know he's shy.
especially if you really like him and know he's shy.	Especially if you really like him and know he is shy.
A man at a farmers market.	A man is at a farmers market.
A man is at a farmers market.	A man at a farmers market.
The population was 517 at the 2000 census .	The population is 517 people as of 2000 .
The population is 517 people as of 2000 .	The population was 517 at the 2000 census .
Breathe deeply, make the most of the air.	take a deep breath, let the air flow in.
take a deep breath, let the air flow in.	Breathe deeply, make the most of the air.
If you happen to see me before I return, please remind me to wait.	If you should see me before I get back...please ask me to wait.
If you should see me before I get back...please ask me to wait.	If you happen to see me before I return, please remind me to wait.
Why have you not yet told them?	Why haven't you told them yet?
Why haven't you told them yet?	Why have you not yet told them?
I'm more comfortable when it is raining.	i'm actually more comfortable when it's raining.
i'm actually more comfortable when it's raining.	I'm more comfortable when it is raining.
The Romans had a special kind of enclosure known as glirarium used to rear dormice for the table .	The Romans had a special place to keep dormice which was called a glirarium .
The Romans had a special place to keep dormice which was called a glirarium .	The Romans had a special kind of enclosure known as glirarium used to rear dormice for the table .
It's leo's and I don't like leo.	it's leo's.......... :( i hate leo.
it's leo's.......... :( i hate leo.	It's leo's and I don't like leo.
Because Pittsburgh is wonderful and everyone wishes they could live there.	because pittsburgh is awesome and everyone wishes they lived there!
because pittsburgh is awesome and everyone wishes they lived there!	Because Pittsburgh is wonderful and everyone wishes they could live there.
When I tried again, I was able to juggle.	When i went back to it, i was able to juggle!
When i went back to it, i was able to juggle!	When I tried again, I was able to juggle.
Have you ever watched the movie "Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves"?	ever watched the movie 'Robin Hood; Prince of Thieves'?
ever watched the movie 'Robin Hood; Prince of Thieves'?	Have you ever watched the movie "Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves"?
i was kidding about the gilligans baby thing...promise!	I was kidding about the gilligants baby thing.
I was kidding about the gilligants baby thing.	i was kidding about the gilligans baby thing...promise!
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
I had a big breakthrough on that skirt I was working on.	I've made some progress with the skirt I'm working on.
I've made some progress with the skirt I'm working on.	I had a big breakthrough on that skirt I was working on.
The population was 127 at the 2000 census .	The population is 127 people as of 2000 .
The population is 127 people as of 2000 .	The population was 127 at the 2000 census .
Do not fall for a girl, rather, let girls fall for you.	P.S : Dont fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!
P.S : Dont fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!	Do not fall for a girl, rather, let girls fall for you.
It was supposed to be such a great moment for me as a dad.	for me as a father, it should have been an amazing moment.
for me as a father, it should have been an amazing moment.	It was supposed to be such a great moment for me as a dad.
George , Eliza , and Harry have also obtained their freedom after crossing into Canada .	George , Eliza , and Harry have finally reached Canada and become free .
George , Eliza , and Harry have finally reached Canada and become free .	George , Eliza , and Harry have also obtained their freedom after crossing into Canada .
I've been a good boss, though, haven't I?	but I was a good boss, right?
but I was a good boss, right?	I've been a good boss, though, haven't I?
We had a great time in Vegas!	We had a blast in Vegas!
We had a blast in Vegas!	We had a great time in Vegas!
It is sometimes referred to as the trunk .	Some people also call it the trunk .
Some people also call it the trunk .	It is sometimes referred to as the trunk .
Yes, I am a girl and I like video games.	and yes i am a girl who likes video games.
and yes i am a girl who likes video games.	Yes, I am a girl and I like video games.
I have just learned that I am pregnant and I am blaming you.	I just found out I am pregnant and it is your fault!!!
I just found out I am pregnant and it is your fault!!!	I have just learned that I am pregnant and I am blaming you.
It matters tremendously to you, this, doesn't it?	it's very important to you, isn't it?
it's very important to you, isn't it?	It matters tremendously to you, this, doesn't it?
John Schneider has aged gracefully, I loved him on the show 'Dukes of Hazzard!'	John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard!
John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him on The Dukes of Hazzard!	John Schneider has aged gracefully, I loved him on the show 'Dukes of Hazzard!'
Also, men mature later then women.	Also, men mature later than woman.
Also, men mature later than woman.	Also, men mature later then women.
It makes it worse that no one will just say it.	it's just worse if nobody just says it.
it's just worse if nobody just says it.	It makes it worse that no one will just say it.
Then, in twenty minutes, gather at the runway.	gathering on the runway, in 20 minutes.
gathering on the runway, in 20 minutes.	Then, in twenty minutes, gather at the runway.
It is still up in the air.	it is still a toss up..
it is still a toss up..	It is still up in the air.
Yes I remember that it was very good.	Yea I remember it..it was pretty good
Yea I remember it..it was pretty good	Yes I remember that it was very good.
If they ask for money, tell them no. No agent should be paid until you have received the work.	(if they ask for money, you say no.... no agent gets paid until you have gotten work.
(if they ask for money, you say no.... no agent gets paid until you have gotten work.	If they ask for money, tell them no. No agent should be paid until you have received the work.
And there are large numbers of these cells making up the nervous system.	the nervous system is comprised of a huge number of cells.
the nervous system is comprised of a huge number of cells.	And there are large numbers of these cells making up the nervous system.
That song will be played by guys to their girl friends.	And guys will play that song for their girlfriend or something.
And guys will play that song for their girlfriend or something.	That song will be played by guys to their girl friends.
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Croatia countdowns to joining EU	Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
I enjoy when the Underdog wins.	I like when the underdog wins.
I like when the underdog wins.	I enjoy when the Underdog wins.
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero	Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The study of these creatures has been my life's work.	I've spent my entire life studying these creatures.
I've spent my entire life studying these creatures.	The study of these creatures has been my life's work.
The man is eating.	A man is eating food.
A man is eating food.	The man is eating.
The blind man said, "I see," as he picked up his hammer and saw.	I see, said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
I see, said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.	The blind man said, "I see," as he picked up his hammer and saw.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
Greyhound does a good job at transporting people to different places.	Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go.
Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go.	Greyhound does a good job at transporting people to different places.
He kept the gun raised, and although it was shaking, it was still pointing in David's direction.	the gun was still pointed, and though his hand was trembling, he was aiming virtually permanently at David.
the gun was still pointed, and though his hand was trembling, he was aiming virtually permanently at David.	He kept the gun raised, and although it was shaking, it was still pointing in David's direction.
The number of my father's friends amazes me.	I'm surprised how many friends my father had.
I'm surprised how many friends my father had.	The number of my father's friends amazes me.
I very much enjoy Billy Talent. They are one of my favorite groups.	I just love Billy Talent, they are one of my favourites.
I just love Billy Talent, they are one of my favourites.	I very much enjoy Billy Talent. They are one of my favorite groups.
Two women posing with a baby.	Two smiling women holding a baby.
Two smiling women holding a baby.	Two women posing with a baby.
Best of luck completing your task. If you get the answer right, you can earn 5 more points.	Good Luck and it would be worth another 5 points if you get your answer right?
Good Luck and it would be worth another 5 points if you get your answer right?	Best of luck completing your task. If you get the answer right, you can earn 5 more points.
Their address is: 47483 Conneticut Dr, Nashville.	they live on 47483 conneticuit drive in nashville
they live on 47483 conneticuit drive in nashville	Their address is: 47483 Conneticut Dr, Nashville.
He claims to desire a pair of sunglasses.	He says he wants a pair of sunglasses!
He says he wants a pair of sunglasses!	He claims to desire a pair of sunglasses.
Keep searching in different areas. There are decent, enjoyable women out there.	keep looking in different places, there are decent, fun, women out there...
keep looking in different places, there are decent, fun, women out there...	Keep searching in different areas. There are decent, enjoyable women out there.
I was supposed to go to the movies and go-kart racing on my prom night.	on my prom night i was supposed to go to the movies and go go kart racing!
on my prom night i was supposed to go to the movies and go go kart racing!	I was supposed to go to the movies and go-kart racing on my prom night.
Close up, the shale pieces looks rather lovely.	close-up pieces of shale look quite nice.
close-up pieces of shale look quite nice.	Close up, the shale pieces looks rather lovely.
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede	61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede	About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
Not any more than any other female.	No more than any other girl !
No more than any other girl !	Not any more than any other female.
I disagree, I love ER and Wildfire!	No, I love ER.. and Wildfire!
No, I love ER.. and Wildfire!	I disagree, I love ER and Wildfire!
Coldplay is becoming popular really quickly.	coldplay is really coming up fast!
coldplay is really coming up fast!	Coldplay is becoming popular really quickly.
The sequel , Pikmin 2 , was released in 2004 .	Pikmin had a sequel called Pikmin 2 in 2004 for the GameCube as well .
Pikmin had a sequel called Pikmin 2 in 2004 for the GameCube as well .	The sequel , Pikmin 2 , was released in 2004 .
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.	A man and woman are dancing in rain.
A man and woman are dancing in rain.	A woman and man are dancing in the rain.
Jamun trees start flowering from March to April .	The Jamun tree starts flowering in March-April .
The Jamun tree starts flowering in March-April .	Jamun trees start flowering from March to April .
Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits .	Cottontail rabbits do not get the disease myxomatosis as easily as European rabbits .
Cottontail rabbits do not get the disease myxomatosis as easily as European rabbits .	Cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than European rabbits .
Me and my friends used to love getting manicures.	my friends and I loved going out for a manicure.
my friends and I loved going out for a manicure.	Me and my friends used to love getting manicures.
The second answer was I just went to the toilet and I got a Tampax.	the 2nd answer was : i just went to the toilet and i got a tampax.
the 2nd answer was : i just went to the toilet and i got a tampax.	The second answer was I just went to the toilet and I got a Tampax.
Bishan currently has 3 shopping centres .	Bishan has three shopping centers .
Bishan has three shopping centers .	Bishan currently has 3 shopping centres .
All right, who's ready for some banana-peanut butter pancakes?	okay, who wants banana pancakes with peanut butter?
okay, who wants banana pancakes with peanut butter?	All right, who's ready for some banana-peanut butter pancakes?
I read somewhere, a new movie will be coming out 2008, or next year.	i read somewhere a new movie will be coming out next year or 2008.
i read somewhere a new movie will be coming out next year or 2008.	I read somewhere, a new movie will be coming out 2008, or next year.
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.	A woman measures another woman's ankle.
A woman measures another woman's ankle.	One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.
It might be genetic or he might like dark colored make-up on his nose.	maybe its genetic...or maybe he likes dark makeup on his nose!!!
maybe its genetic...or maybe he likes dark makeup on his nose!!!	It might be genetic or he might like dark colored make-up on his nose.
I like Tess but Jessica is too much of a goody-goody!	I like Tess,Jessica is to goody goody!
I like Tess,Jessica is to goody goody!	I like Tess but Jessica is too much of a goody-goody!
Pittodrie Stadium is a football stadium situated in the Scottish city of Aberdeen .	Pittodrie Stadium is a stadium in Aberdeen , Scotland .
Pittodrie Stadium is a stadium in Aberdeen , Scotland .	Pittodrie Stadium is a football stadium situated in the Scottish city of Aberdeen .
Do nt feel bad. My son is 31 and still single.	Dont feel bad, my son is 31 and still single.
Dont feel bad, my son is 31 and still single.	Do nt feel bad. My son is 31 and still single.
A good website to resell your books is half.com.	half.com is a great website to sell your books!
half.com is a great website to sell your books!	A good website to resell your books is half.com.
Flowers, normally roses, and a box of candy.	flowers normally roses and a thing of candy!
flowers normally roses and a thing of candy!	Flowers, normally roses, and a box of candy.
I'm going to get you safely out of Rome.	I'll take you from Rome to safety.
I'll take you from Rome to safety.	I'm going to get you safely out of Rome.
Well, here's a slipknot site www.Pulseofthemaggots.com.	um well here is a slipknot site www.pulseofthemaggots.com !!
um well here is a slipknot site www.pulseofthemaggots.com !!	Well, here's a slipknot site www.Pulseofthemaggots.com.
Your questions do not make any sence.	your questions dont make no sense!!!!!!
your questions dont make no sense!!!!!!	Your questions do not make any sence.
It depends, do you really want to meet him?	it depends if you really want to meet him.
it depends if you really want to meet him.	It depends, do you really want to meet him?
The Flat Earth model is a view that the Earth 's shape is a flat plane .	The idea of a flat Earth is that the surface of the Earth is flat .
The idea of a flat Earth is that the surface of the Earth is flat .	The Flat Earth model is a view that the Earth 's shape is a flat plane .
Fluoxetine is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor class .	Fluoxetine is a one of a group of antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
Fluoxetine is a one of a group of antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors .	Fluoxetine is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor class .
You already made your decision.	you already made your decision....it's over.
you already made your decision....it's over.	You already made your decision.
Amsterdam is just a load of bloody prostitutes, isn't it?	there's only a bunch of prostitutes in Amsterdam, right?
there's only a bunch of prostitutes in Amsterdam, right?	Amsterdam is just a load of bloody prostitutes, isn't it?
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
I like that song if it is the right song.	I LIKE THAT SONG IF IT'S THE RIGHT SONG ;)
I LIKE THAT SONG IF IT'S THE RIGHT SONG ;)	I like that song if it is the right song.
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'	Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect	Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
Make yourself happy before anyone else!	Make urself happy before anyone else!
Make urself happy before anyone else!	Make yourself happy before anyone else!
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon	KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
Autograph also refers to a person 's signature .	An autograph can also mean someones signature .
An autograph can also mean someones signature .	Autograph also refers to a person 's signature .
Game Maker is a Windows computer program originally developed by Mark Overmars in the Delphi programming language .	Game Maker is a program for Windows - An operating system - which was made first by Mark Overmars .
Game Maker is a program for Windows - An operating system - which was made first by Mark Overmars .	Game Maker is a Windows computer program originally developed by Mark Overmars in the Delphi programming language .
No wonder Edward was reacting this way.	it was no surprise that Edward reacted like that.
it was no surprise that Edward reacted like that.	No wonder Edward was reacting this way.
I am not sure if you need saxophone or piano music.	Not sure if you needed sax or piano music, anyway.
Not sure if you needed sax or piano music, anyway.	I am not sure if you need saxophone or piano music.
Keifer performed well as Jack Bauer.	Yeah, Keifer does a great job as Jack Bauer!!
Yeah, Keifer does a great job as Jack Bauer!!	Keifer performed well as Jack Bauer.
By 1850 , Strauss was calling himself Levi .	By 1850 he had adopted the name `` Levi Strauss '' .
By 1850 he had adopted the name `` Levi Strauss '' .	By 1850 , Strauss was calling himself Levi .
Take him aside and tell him how you truly feel.	take him aside and tell him how u truly feel
take him aside and tell him how u truly feel	Take him aside and tell him how you truly feel.
Fred Hoyle is credited with coining the term Big Bang during a 1949 radio broadcast .	Fred Hoyle called the theory the `` Big Bang '' on his radio show .
Fred Hoyle called the theory the `` Big Bang '' on his radio show .	Fred Hoyle is credited with coining the term Big Bang during a 1949 radio broadcast .
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.	Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
I believe it could have been more dramatic.	I think it could have been more dramatic!
I think it could have been more dramatic!	I believe it could have been more dramatic.
A minimum wage is the lowest hourly , daily or monthly wage that employers may legally pay to employees or workers .	The minimum wage is the least amount of money that employees of a business can be paid .
The minimum wage is the least amount of money that employees of a business can be paid .	A minimum wage is the lowest hourly , daily or monthly wage that employers may legally pay to employees or workers .
I'm black and found it funny.	I'm black and found it hilariously funny!!!
I'm black and found it hilariously funny!!!	I'm black and found it funny.
Artists ' brushes are usually given numbered sizes , although there is no exact standard for their physical dimensions .	Artists ' brushes usually have sizes with numbers , but there is no standard .
Artists ' brushes usually have sizes with numbers , but there is no standard .	Artists ' brushes are usually given numbered sizes , although there is no exact standard for their physical dimensions .
I don't know, sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is Breakaway.	i dunno sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is breakaway
i dunno sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is breakaway	I don't know, sorry but she has got a great voice and my favorite song by her is Breakaway.
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title	Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
You ought to begin your life anew.	you should start your life a new.
you should start your life a new.	You ought to begin your life anew.
At the 2006 census , Euroa had a population of 2,776 .	In 2006 there were 2,776 people living in the town .
In 2006 there were 2,776 people living in the town .	At the 2006 census , Euroa had a population of 2,776 .
I had a lot of help from Jack Daniels.	Jack Daniels helped me a lot.
Jack Daniels helped me a lot.	I had a lot of help from Jack Daniels.
How can I go about winning her back?	How do i win her back?
How do i win her back?	How can I go about winning her back?
The implementation of the Directive's provisions on sanctions against employers needs to be supported and monitored.	it will need to monitor and control the implementation of the Directive, which sets out penalties for employers.
it will need to monitor and control the implementation of the Directive, which sets out penalties for employers.	The implementation of the Directive's provisions on sanctions against employers needs to be supported and monitored.
Denkova & Staviski are the first Bulgarian figure skaters to medal at the World Figure Skating Championships .	Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarian skaters to win Worlds , which they did in 2006 and 2007 .
Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarian skaters to win Worlds , which they did in 2006 and 2007 .	Denkova & Staviski are the first Bulgarian figure skaters to medal at the World Figure Skating Championships .
Xenon is the only element which has nine stable isotopes .	For example , xenon has 9 isotopes .
For example , xenon has 9 isotopes .	Xenon is the only element which has nine stable isotopes .
Seeing you is gonna make your grandmother very happy.	grandma will be happy to see you.
grandma will be happy to see you.	Seeing you is gonna make your grandmother very happy.
People like and desire the unattainable.	People like and want what they can't have.
People like and want what they can't have.	People like and desire the unattainable.
Matthew McConaughey, and I am not even gay.	matthew mcchanughey.. and i aint even gay!
matthew mcchanughey.. and i aint even gay!	Matthew McConaughey, and I am not even gay.
This year's search for bodies has produced twenty bodies.	twenty bodies have been found this year.
twenty bodies have been found this year.	This year's search for bodies has produced twenty bodies.
I have no clue as to why people are giving rude answers.	i don't know why all the people keep giving rude answers.
i don't know why all the people keep giving rude answers.	I have no clue as to why people are giving rude answers.
A gas station that costs$ 2.52 and nine-tenths a gallon.	A gas station name m&h with gas the price of$ 2.52.
A gas station name m&h with gas the price of$ 2.52.	A gas station that costs$ 2.52 and nine-tenths a gallon.
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'	Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation
I'm not accusing him of being anything but shrewd and ambitious, after all.	after all, I blame him nothing more than cunning and ambition.
after all, I blame him nothing more than cunning and ambition.	I'm not accusing him of being anything but shrewd and ambitious, after all.
The Asiatic Salamanders are primitive salamanders found all over Asia , and in European Russia .	The Asiatic Salamanders are a primitive kind of salamanders that can be found throughout Asia .
The Asiatic Salamanders are a primitive kind of salamanders that can be found throughout Asia .	The Asiatic Salamanders are primitive salamanders found all over Asia , and in European Russia .
Wedding Crashers and the 40 year old virgin.	Wedding Crashers and 40 Year-Old Virgin.
Wedding Crashers and 40 Year-Old Virgin.	Wedding Crashers and the 40 year old virgin.
You are the brother of Ragnar Lothbrok, are you not?	you're Ragnar Lothbrok's brother, aren't you?
you're Ragnar Lothbrok's brother, aren't you?	You are the brother of Ragnar Lothbrok, are you not?
To answer your question, any big city. Just ask a cab driver.	To answer your question, any big city.................just ask a cab driver.
To answer your question, any big city.................just ask a cab driver.	To answer your question, any big city. Just ask a cab driver.
We're already two million, two over the original budget.	we have exceeded the original budget by 2.2 million.
we have exceeded the original budget by 2.2 million.	We're already two million, two over the original budget.
I would like to hear your side of the story.	i want to hear ur side
i want to hear ur side	I would like to hear your side of the story.
I wanted to see how people would react.	in because i wanted to see how people would react.
in because i wanted to see how people would react.	I wanted to see how people would react.
If you do not, there is a reason why you do no.	If you don't, is there a reason you don't.
If you don't, is there a reason you don't.	If you do not, there is a reason why you do no.
People always want things that they cannot obtain.	People always want what they can't have.
People always want what they can't have.	People always want things that they cannot obtain.
Just looking at those pictures, it's got to be rough.	it must have been hard to examine the pictures.
it must have been hard to examine the pictures.	Just looking at those pictures, it's got to be rough.
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
To get over to the other side.	To get to the toher side
To get to the toher side	To get over to the other side.
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay	Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay	Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay
I do not know anything about her father	I dont know about her father.
I dont know about her father.	I do not know anything about her father
Hamming can detect and correct single-bit errors and also can detect double-bit errors .	With hamming codes it is possible to correct one-bit errors , and to detect two-bit errors .
With hamming codes it is possible to correct one-bit errors , and to detect two-bit errors .	Hamming can detect and correct single-bit errors and also can detect double-bit errors .
Living On A Prayer." Bon Jovi	Livin On A Prayer Bon Jovi
Livin On A Prayer Bon Jovi	Living On A Prayer." Bon Jovi
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool	A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
Ew, Bridgette's drinking from the milk carton.	phew Bridgette drinks milk right out of the box.
phew Bridgette drinks milk right out of the box.	Ew, Bridgette's drinking from the milk carton.
I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.	I look forward to reading the rest in this series.
I look forward to reading the rest in this series.	I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
Using the "Just Say No" motto depends on the circumstances.	Just say No Depends what you're saying no to.
Just say No Depends what you're saying no to.	Using the "Just Say No" motto depends on the circumstances.
This book was a lot of fun.	** spoiler alert ** This was a really fun book.
** spoiler alert ** This was a really fun book.	This book was a lot of fun.
I had a nervous stomach because he frightened me.	I had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me.
I had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me.	I had a nervous stomach because he frightened me.
I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.	If you can't handle it, wait until you are mature enough.
If you can't handle it, wait until you are mature enough.	I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.
This shall also include a management plan for the sewage sludge.	the waste sludge management plan is also included.
the waste sludge management plan is also included.	This shall also include a management plan for the sewage sludge.
Around 12 AM , the plant released methyl isocyanate gas and other toxins , resulting in the exposure of over 500,000 people .	On 3 December 1984 , the plant released 42 tonnes of toxic methyl isocyanate gas , exposing more than 500,000 people to toxic gases .
On 3 December 1984 , the plant released 42 tonnes of toxic methyl isocyanate gas , exposing more than 500,000 people to toxic gases .	Around 12 AM , the plant released methyl isocyanate gas and other toxins , resulting in the exposure of over 500,000 people .
You need to get an agent and make sure you get paid before paying anyone else.	Get an agent...and don't pay anyone until you get paid.
Get an agent...and don't pay anyone until you get paid.	You need to get an agent and make sure you get paid before paying anyone else.
If you know the third 1/18; please share it with me!	if you know the third 1/18, PLEASE share with me!!!
if you know the third 1/18, PLEASE share with me!!!	If you know the third 1/18; please share it with me!
Often, the nervous system collapses after that type of humiliation.	after such humiliation, the nervous system will collapse.
after such humiliation, the nervous system will collapse.	Often, the nervous system collapses after that type of humiliation.
Dude, you gotta hook me up with a new phone.	man, I need a new phone from you.
man, I need a new phone from you.	Dude, you gotta hook me up with a new phone.
It is not easy, but it is well worth it.	Definately is not easy, but is well worth it!
Definately is not easy, but is well worth it!	It is not easy, but it is well worth it.
Raimond Aumann was a German footballer .	Raimond Aumann is a former German football player .
Raimond Aumann is a former German football player .	Raimond Aumann was a German footballer .
North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
N. Korea fires short-range missiles	North Korea fires three short-range missiles
The answer is because you enjoy being in the presence of that person.	THE ANSWER IS B'CUZ YOU FEEL GOOD HAVING THAT PERSON WITH YOU.
THE ANSWER IS B'CUZ YOU FEEL GOOD HAVING THAT PERSON WITH YOU.	The answer is because you enjoy being in the presence of that person.
It's funny and zany in a way that only Terry Pratchett can be.	Clever and wonderful, as only Terry Pratchett can be.
Clever and wonderful, as only Terry Pratchett can be.	It's funny and zany in a way that only Terry Pratchett can be.
I like Sinatra for classical performances and Buble for revivals.	Sinatra for classics and Buble for revivals...
Sinatra for classics and Buble for revivals...	I like Sinatra for classical performances and Buble for revivals.
It's like, gross, yet oddly delicious.	it's disgusting, but at the same time, weirdly tasty.
it's disgusting, but at the same time, weirdly tasty.	It's like, gross, yet oddly delicious.
You are aware of the curfew, I presume.	I assume you know about the curfew.
I assume you know about the curfew.	You are aware of the curfew, I presume.
The first time I gazed upon his green eyes!	the first time I saw his green eyes!
the first time I saw his green eyes!	The first time I gazed upon his green eyes!
They are neither taxes nor public prices.	it is not a tax or public price.
it is not a tax or public price.	They are neither taxes nor public prices.
I said, "Okay, you two, take off.	fine, you two get out of here now," I told them.
fine, you two get out of here now," I told them.	I said, "Okay, you two, take off.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.	During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Would you like to see a movie with me on Friday?	i was wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on friday?
i was wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on friday?	Would you like to see a movie with me on Friday?
Sandro Salvadore was an Italian footballer .	Sandro Salvadore is a former Italian football player .
Sandro Salvadore is a former Italian football player .	Sandro Salvadore was an Italian footballer .
The Assembly set the end of its term for 29 September 1791 .	The National Assembly decided that it would stop governing France on 29 September 1791 .
The National Assembly decided that it would stop governing France on 29 September 1791 .	The Assembly set the end of its term for 29 September 1791 .
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.
Adhesive tape can be one of many varieties of backing materials coated with an adhesive .	Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive and used to stick objects together .
Adhesive tape is a tape that is coated with adhesive and used to stick objects together .	Adhesive tape can be one of many varieties of backing materials coated with an adhesive .
It is also the subject of a documentary , Satanis .	A whole documentary , Satanis was also made about it in 1970 .
A whole documentary , Satanis was also made about it in 1970 .	It is also the subject of a documentary , Satanis .
It's a five-year lease, 50 grand a month... ....my name on it.	we have a mortgage, five more years... 50,000 a month.
we have a mortgage, five more years... 50,000 a month.	It's a five-year lease, 50 grand a month... ....my name on it.
It does not matter whether the woman admits to liking you or not.	It doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes u or not.
It doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes u or not.	It does not matter whether the woman admits to liking you or not.
I can't wait to read the next one in the series.	Can't wait to read the next one.
Can't wait to read the next one.	I can't wait to read the next one in the series.
I didn't even have a pet as a child.	we didn't have an animal when I was a kid.
we didn't have an animal when I was a kid.	I didn't even have a pet as a child.
The dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted by your doctor.	your doctor may need to adjust your medication.
your doctor may need to adjust your medication.	The dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted by your doctor.
I loved it and it was a really good movie.	i loved it is was a realy good movie.
i loved it is was a realy good movie.	I loved it and it was a really good movie.
A person folds a tortilla.	A man folds a tortilla.
A man folds a tortilla.	A person folds a tortilla.
You are too young to date or be in love.	To young to date or be in love!
To young to date or be in love!	You are too young to date or be in love.
Why not stop talking and get a life.	How about not talking and getting a life !
How about not talking and getting a life !	Why not stop talking and get a life.
At the 2006 census , Eugowra had a population of 535 .	In 2006 , 535 people lived in Eugowra .
In 2006 , 535 people lived in Eugowra .	At the 2006 census , Eugowra had a population of 535 .
A stronghold is a strongly fortified defensive structure .	Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place .
Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place .	A stronghold is a strongly fortified defensive structure .
That is the key, and the rest will follow.	all the rest will follow soon.
all the rest will follow soon.	That is the key, and the rest will follow.
All right, I've got the talking pillow now.	okay, now I have a talking pillow.
okay, now I have a talking pillow.	All right, I've got the talking pillow now.
I can not see it myself, but I have had quite a few people say it now.	I can't see it myself but i've had quite a few people say it now.
I can't see it myself but i've had quite a few people say it now.	I can not see it myself, but I have had quite a few people say it now.
No, I apologize; all I know is that it was a good movie.	no, sry, all i know was that it was a good movie
no, sry, all i know was that it was a good movie	No, I apologize; all I know is that it was a good movie.
One important piece of advice: do not have a friend do it.	One thing, don't have a friend do it.
One thing, don't have a friend do it.	One important piece of advice: do not have a friend do it.
One is dead and the other is from a different time period.	hmmmm ones dead and the others from a different time period?
hmmmm ones dead and the others from a different time period?	One is dead and the other is from a different time period.
At the time , Oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .	Oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional American football team .
Oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional American football team .	At the time , Oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .
You try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.	you just try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.
you just try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.	You try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.
It is up to your boyfriend to tell her.	Your bf should be the on telling her.
Your bf should be the on telling her.	It is up to your boyfriend to tell her.
I'll talk to the son of a- Foyle!	I want to talk to this son-of-a-Foyle!
I want to talk to this son-of-a-Foyle!	I'll talk to the son of a- Foyle!
The orchestra 's reputation increased most prominently during the music directorship of Serge Koussevitzky .	Serge Koussevitzky was their conductor for many years and made them a world-class orchestra .
Serge Koussevitzky was their conductor for many years and made them a world-class orchestra .	The orchestra 's reputation increased most prominently during the music directorship of Serge Koussevitzky .
I definitely believe that there is a 'special someone' for everyone!	I think their is a 'special someone' for everyone!
I think their is a 'special someone' for everyone!	I definitely believe that there is a 'special someone' for everyone!
Born in Vienna , Schidlof fled Austria for England following the Nazi Anschluss in 1938 .	Schidlof was born in Vienna , but had to leave Austria when the Nazis came .
Schidlof was born in Vienna , but had to leave Austria when the Nazis came .	Born in Vienna , Schidlof fled Austria for England following the Nazi Anschluss in 1938 .
Pachycephalosaurus is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur .	Pachycephalosaurus was a member of the Pachycephalosaurid family .
Pachycephalosaurus was a member of the Pachycephalosaurid family .	Pachycephalosaurus is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur .
My number is lost. May I have yours?	lost my number,can i get yours!
lost my number,can i get yours!	My number is lost. May I have yours?
Its county seat is Clarksdale .	It 's capital is Clarksdale .
It 's capital is Clarksdale .	Its county seat is Clarksdale .
I do not think it matters what your race is.	i dont think it matters if your white, black, purple, yellow, etc.
i dont think it matters if your white, black, purple, yellow, etc.	I do not think it matters what your race is.
That is just as I should hope, Mr Tulkinghorn.	that's what I'm hoping for, Mr. Tulkinghorne.
that's what I'm hoping for, Mr. Tulkinghorne.	That is just as I should hope, Mr Tulkinghorn.
He's got the ball. He's going on the run.	he got the ball and he's running.
he got the ball and he's running.	He's got the ball. He's going on the run.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
This book could have been written better, but it's still nothing to complain about.	So even though the book didn't really "wow" me, I still enjoyed reading it.
So even though the book didn't really "wow" me, I still enjoyed reading it.	This book could have been written better, but it's still nothing to complain about.
I suggest you watch all of it again.	why don't you watch it all over again.
why don't you watch it all over again.	I suggest you watch all of it again.
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
The Doctor's got them back in their quarters already.	the doctor had already sent them to his quarters.
the doctor had already sent them to his quarters.	The Doctor's got them back in their quarters already.
To borrow a phrase from Holden Caufield, "phonies".	Taking a word from Holden Caulfield here...Phonies
Taking a word from Holden Caulfield here...Phonies	To borrow a phrase from Holden Caufield, "phonies".
It becomes visible when it breathes fire.	when he's spitting fire, then you can see it.
when he's spitting fire, then you can see it.	It becomes visible when it breathes fire.
At the 2006 census , Beveridge and the surrounding area had a population of 1,192 .	In 2006 there were 1,192 people living in Beveridge and the local area .
In 2006 there were 1,192 people living in Beveridge and the local area .	At the 2006 census , Beveridge and the surrounding area had a population of 1,192 .
I really don't know; it's a random guess.	i dono jus a random guess
i dono jus a random guess	I really don't know; it's a random guess.
Charlotte Eagles is an American professional soccer team based in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .	The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte , North Carolina .
The Charlotte Eagles are a soccer club that plays in Charlotte , North Carolina .	Charlotte Eagles is an American professional soccer team based in Charlotte , North Carolina , United States .
The village suffered major congestion until the bypass was built in the 1960s .	In the 1960 's a bypass was built to go around the village .
In the 1960 's a bypass was built to go around the village .	The village suffered major congestion until the bypass was built in the 1960s .
So come to New York right away, Mark. Please, do it for me.	Mark, if you care about me a little, come to New York.
Mark, if you care about me a little, come to New York.	So come to New York right away, Mark. Please, do it for me.
Drusilla Jane "DJ" Jaco is a deputy sentinel of New Orleans.	DJ is employed as the deputy sentinel of New Orleans.
DJ is employed as the deputy sentinel of New Orleans.	Drusilla Jane "DJ" Jaco is a deputy sentinel of New Orleans.
He leads the Ranger team we're sending in.	he's leading the Rangers team going there.
he's leading the Rangers team going there.	He leads the Ranger team we're sending in.
Similar to how I alphabetize my CD collection, certain things have to be done in a particular way.	Like I alphabetize my CD collection and certain things have to be just so.
Like I alphabetize my CD collection and certain things have to be just so.	Similar to how I alphabetize my CD collection, certain things have to be done in a particular way.
The only thing that you can tell by his looks, is that he is hot amd that you want him!	the only thing you can tell by looking at him is if hes hot and you want him!!!!
the only thing you can tell by looking at him is if hes hot and you want him!!!!	The only thing that you can tell by his looks, is that he is hot amd that you want him!
@realDonaldTrump I hope and pray you get the nomination. America needs a man with a backbone! And one that can't be bought!	@realDonaldTrump Stay the course! You can win! The USA needs your leadership and competence!
@realDonaldTrump Stay the course! You can win! The USA needs your leadership and competence!	@realDonaldTrump I hope and pray you get the nomination. America needs a man with a backbone! And one that can't be bought!
He would have wanted you to have this, honey.	he'd want you to have it, darling.
he'd want you to have it, darling.	He would have wanted you to have this, honey.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.	But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Give Palmela and her five sisters a phone call.	Call up Palmela and her five sisters.
Call up Palmela and her five sisters.	Give Palmela and her five sisters a phone call.
If you make her feel comfortable, then she will like you.	So u make her feel comfortable then she will like u.
So u make her feel comfortable then she will like u.	If you make her feel comfortable, then she will like you.
Then you can call anywhere you want.	then presto you can call anywhere you want.
then presto you can call anywhere you want.	Then you can call anywhere you want.
I think it is called After Dark by Tito and Tarantula.	I think it is After Dark - Tito & Tarantula.
I think it is After Dark - Tito & Tarantula.	I think it is called After Dark by Tito and Tarantula.
Be yourself, show them you care for them.	be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them.
be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them.	Be yourself, show them you care for them.
All in all this is a wonderful book.	I found myself smiling through out the whole book, and not many books can do that for me.
I found myself smiling through out the whole book, and not many books can do that for me.	All in all this is a wonderful book.
The name was originally used in reference to pesos oro or pesos plata .	The name comes from the spanish words pesos oro or pesos plata .
The name comes from the spanish words pesos oro or pesos plata .	The name was originally used in reference to pesos oro or pesos plata .
Just tell them you are sorry and leave with the other people.	just say srry and go off with some other ppl.
just say srry and go off with some other ppl.	Just tell them you are sorry and leave with the other people.
Invite her to your home and watch a pornographic movie together.	invite her over and pop in a porno
invite her over and pop in a porno	Invite her to your home and watch a pornographic movie together.
Tomorrow night, we're actually, seriously, throwing a party, if you wanna come.	seriously, we're having a party tomorrow night.
seriously, we're having a party tomorrow night.	Tomorrow night, we're actually, seriously, throwing a party, if you wanna come.
Hey, guys, um, there's pizza in there if you want some.	if you want, there's pizza inside.
if you want, there's pizza inside.	Hey, guys, um, there's pizza in there if you want some.
It is just not what I am interested in.	it's just not my cup of tea
it's just not my cup of tea	It is just not what I am interested in.
To retrieve lines, I suggest you go to www.rapbattles.com.	go to www.rapbattles.com that is a good website to get lines
go to www.rapbattles.com that is a good website to get lines	To retrieve lines, I suggest you go to www.rapbattles.com.
Rachel, on the other hand... I don't know.	on the other side, I'm not so sure about Rachel.
on the other side, I'm not so sure about Rachel.	Rachel, on the other hand... I don't know.
People may engage in oral sex as part of foreplay before sexual intercourse , or during or following intercourse .	Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse , but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse .
Sometimes oral sex is performed as a way of getting ready for intercourse , but it may be done as an alternative to intercourse .	People may engage in oral sex as part of foreplay before sexual intercourse , or during or following intercourse .
Who's to say it could not be bought by someone else?	who knows that someone else hasn't bought it?
who knows that someone else hasn't bought it?	Who's to say it could not be bought by someone else?
Just say, "I just want to now! Do you like me as a friend, or something more?	just say i just want to now!Do u like me as a friend or something more?
just say i just want to now!Do u like me as a friend or something more?	Just say, "I just want to now! Do you like me as a friend, or something more?
Frank Gardiner An Australia bushranger of the 19th century .	Frank Gardiner was a famous Australian bushranger .
Frank Gardiner was a famous Australian bushranger .	Frank Gardiner An Australia bushranger of the 19th century .
He's had a heart attack... fairly minor, but a heart attack nevertheless.	it was small, but it was a heart attack.
it was small, but it was a heart attack.	He's had a heart attack... fairly minor, but a heart attack nevertheless.
Excuse me, but perhaps you misunderstand me.	I'm sorry, but I don't think you understood me.
I'm sorry, but I don't think you understood me.	Excuse me, but perhaps you misunderstand me.
The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle every time, lol.	:) The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle, everytime.
:) The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle, everytime.	The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle every time, lol.
that's my two cents any way.	But that is just my two cents!
But that is just my two cents!	that's my two cents any way.
Is your girlfriend there permanently?	But is your girlfriend there to stay?
But is your girlfriend there to stay?	Is your girlfriend there permanently?
Non-inferiority to sevelamer carbonate was determined at week 12.	in week 12, non-inferiority was found against sevelamer-carbonate.
in week 12, non-inferiority was found against sevelamer-carbonate.	Non-inferiority to sevelamer carbonate was determined at week 12.
There is nothing good about seeing people die.	there is nothing cool in seeing people dying.
there is nothing cool in seeing people dying.	There is nothing good about seeing people die.
The population was 641 at the 2000 census .	In 2000 , 641 lived there .
In 2000 , 641 lived there .	The population was 641 at the 2000 census .
That does not sound to me like what she would do if she had utterly deserted me.	I don't think that's what she'd do if she wanted to leave me altogether.
I don't think that's what she'd do if she wanted to leave me altogether.	That does not sound to me like what she would do if she had utterly deserted me.
How should I get recognized?	how the heck should i get recognized?
how the heck should i get recognized?	How should I get recognized?
Andrea is independently wealthy due to a fat divorce settlement.	after the divorce settlement, Andrea is independent and rich.
after the divorce settlement, Andrea is independent and rich.	Andrea is independently wealthy due to a fat divorce settlement.
Additionally, be sure not to apply it too heavily. That is where many people make an error - by adding too much yeast.	Oh, and don't absolutely slather it on...thats where lots of people make their mistake...too much yeast!
Oh, and don't absolutely slather it on...thats where lots of people make their mistake...too much yeast!	Additionally, be sure not to apply it too heavily. That is where many people make an error - by adding too much yeast.
A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.
a small dog steps onto a log.	A small white dog climbs over a log.
I recommend that you and three friends who are women book an on-line cruise, because you will enjoy it.	So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise...you will love it!
So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise...you will love it!	I recommend that you and three friends who are women book an on-line cruise, because you will enjoy it.
Suddenly, the interference eased off, and a voice could be heard above the noise.	all of a sudden the noise dropped, and everyone heard a human voice.
all of a sudden the noise dropped, and everyone heard a human voice.	Suddenly, the interference eased off, and a voice could be heard above the noise.
He is a multi-instrumentalist and plays bass , guitar , keyboards , and sings .	He can play bass , guitar , keyboards , and can sing .
He can play bass , guitar , keyboards , and can sing .	He is a multi-instrumentalist and plays bass , guitar , keyboards , and sings .
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.	the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event first held by the original Extreme Championship Wrestling in 1995 as a non-televised supercard .
December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event first held by the original Extreme Championship Wrestling in 1995 as a non-televised supercard .	December to Dismember was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
It suddenly hit me just how wrong this was.	I was suddenly thinking how bad it was.
I was suddenly thinking how bad it was.	It suddenly hit me just how wrong this was.
However, that had already been said.	But that had already been said.
But that had already been said.	However, that had already been said.
This format was adopted by European circuses at the turn of the 20th century .	During most of the 20th century this is what circuses were mostly like .
During most of the 20th century this is what circuses were mostly like .	This format was adopted by European circuses at the turn of the 20th century .
Since 2003 , Red Hat has discontinued the Red Hat Linux line in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux for enterprise environments .	Red Hat then decided to discontinue a future release of Red Hat Linux and started the paid Red Hat Enterprise Linux instead .
Red Hat then decided to discontinue a future release of Red Hat Linux and started the paid Red Hat Enterprise Linux instead .	Since 2003 , Red Hat has discontinued the Red Hat Linux line in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux for enterprise environments .
And now that you're together, it's just so great.	it's great that you guys are together.
it's great that you guys are together.	And now that you're together, it's just so great.
Though at $300 an hour,they don't come cheap.	they pay them 300 bucks an hour, they're not the cheapest.
they pay them 300 bucks an hour, they're not the cheapest.	Though at $300 an hour,they don't come cheap.
A boarding school is when the pupils sleep , eat and work in or near the school grounds .	A boarding school is a school where the students live and sleep at the school while going to their classes .
A boarding school is a school where the students live and sleep at the school while going to their classes .	A boarding school is when the pupils sleep , eat and work in or near the school grounds .
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Glove box is the first place they check.	they look in the glove compartment first.
they look in the glove compartment first.	Glove box is the first place they check.
Similarly , katakana is usually used for country names , foreign places , and personal names .	Katakana is used to write words which have been borrowed from other languages , or to write foreign names and names of countries .
Katakana is used to write words which have been borrowed from other languages , or to write foreign names and names of countries .	Similarly , katakana is usually used for country names , foreign places , and personal names .
It was something my husband and I talked about.	we have often talked about such things with my husband.
we have often talked about such things with my husband.	It was something my husband and I talked about.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.
A strut bar is designed to reduce this strut tower flex by tying two parallel strut towers together .	A strut bar or strut brace is to prevent body roll by bracing the top of the strut towers together .
A strut bar or strut brace is to prevent body roll by bracing the top of the strut towers together .	A strut bar is designed to reduce this strut tower flex by tying two parallel strut towers together .
'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Trayvon Martin could have been ...	'Trayvon could have been me'
We are not boring. Trust me.	: ) We're not boring...trust me.
: ) We're not boring...trust me.	We are not boring. Trust me.
The Wyngari are suffering a food shortage on their world.	the Wyngar world is suffering from a lack of food.
the Wyngar world is suffering from a lack of food.	The Wyngari are suffering a food shortage on their world.
Perdita is an inner satellite of Uranus .	Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus .
Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus .	Perdita is an inner satellite of Uranus .
Belinda is an inner satellite of the planet Uranus .	Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus .
Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus .	Belinda is an inner satellite of the planet Uranus .
It was a good story.	i thought it was a good story.
i thought it was a good story.	It was a good story.
Allsvenskan is the highest league in the league system of Swedish football .	Allsvenskan is a football league which is top division in Sweden .
Allsvenskan is a football league which is top division in Sweden .	Allsvenskan is the highest league in the league system of Swedish football .
The Buzz on Maggie is the second Disney Channel Original Series to be canceled after one season .	The Buzz on Maggie is a Disney Channel television series about a fly named Maggie .
The Buzz on Maggie is a Disney Channel television series about a fly named Maggie .	The Buzz on Maggie is the second Disney Channel Original Series to be canceled after one season .
It's just my friend Brit and I have this highly competitive relationship.	Jen, I've got a very competitive relationship with my friend Brit.
Jen, I've got a very competitive relationship with my friend Brit.	It's just my friend Brit and I have this highly competitive relationship.
The movie that I saw earlier is quiet weird at first but then it got funnier toward the middle.	I just saw that movie today is kinda weir at first than it gets funny towards the middle
I just saw that movie today is kinda weir at first than it gets funny towards the middle	The movie that I saw earlier is quiet weird at first but then it got funnier toward the middle.
I am making a big personal sacrifice to give you this information.	by giving you the information, I'm taking a considerable personal sacrifice.
by giving you the information, I'm taking a considerable personal sacrifice.	I am making a big personal sacrifice to give you this information.
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy	Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Stocks close 0.39% higher	Stocks close 2.47% higher
Stocks close 2.47% higher	Stocks close 0.39% higher
For more details please refer to the Guidelines for applicants.	further details can be found in the guidance for the applicant.
further details can be found in the guidance for the applicant.	For more details please refer to the Guidelines for applicants.
The mess is between the two of them.	after all, the mess is between the two of them.
after all, the mess is between the two of them.	The mess is between the two of them.
Ireland , described as the Republic of Ireland , is a country in northwestern Europe .	The country is sometimes called the Republic of Ireland but Ireland is its official name .
The country is sometimes called the Republic of Ireland but Ireland is its official name .	Ireland , described as the Republic of Ireland , is a country in northwestern Europe .
Opium is the dried latex obtained from opium poppies .	Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies .
Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies .	Opium is the dried latex obtained from opium poppies .
Hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear?	Hold hands, snuggle, give her kisses, and hug her tightly.
Hold hands, snuggle, give her kisses, and hug her tightly.	Hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear?
Put the truck in reverse a little bit.	Back up the truck a bit.
Back up the truck a bit.	Put the truck in reverse a little bit.
Mick Thomson was brought in to fill the open position on guitar .	Mick Thomson then joined the band to be the new guitarist .
Mick Thomson then joined the band to be the new guitarist .	Mick Thomson was brought in to fill the open position on guitar .
The police there had a near miss with Escanso last night.	police yesterday narrowly missed the Escansa.
police yesterday narrowly missed the Escansa.	The police there had a near miss with Escanso last night.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
I enjoyed this second installment of the Love At Stake series, maybe a little more than the first.	The second book in the Love at Stake series is hugely entertaining and so much fun!
The second book in the Love at Stake series is hugely entertaining and so much fun!	I enjoyed this second installment of the Love At Stake series, maybe a little more than the first.
All right, well, how do you feel about the Navy?	okay, so what are your feelings for the Navy?
okay, so what are your feelings for the Navy?	All right, well, how do you feel about the Navy?
I need more help buddy.	Hmm... need more help there buddy.
Hmm... need more help there buddy.	I need more help buddy.
A music stand is a device that holds sheet music in a position that allows the performer to read it while performing .	A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing .
A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing .	A music stand is a device that holds sheet music in a position that allows the performer to read it while performing .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.	The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
he's a tribal leader of the lbs, Captain.	Captain, this man is the lbo tribal leader.
Captain, this man is the lbo tribal leader.	he's a tribal leader of the lbs, Captain.
Sometimes, you may stay hard for too long.	sometimes u will stay hard for to long.
sometimes u will stay hard for to long.	Sometimes, you may stay hard for too long.
You figure this out all by yourself, did you?	did you find all this on your own?
did you find all this on your own?	You figure this out all by yourself, did you?
The following names will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2010 .	These are the names that may get used in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season .
These are the names that may get used in the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season .	The following names will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2010 .
Stay calm and things should go smoothly	just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly.
just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly.	Stay calm and things should go smoothly
Lenzburg has a total workforce of around 6,000 .	About 6,000 people work in Lenzburg .
About 6,000 people work in Lenzburg .	Lenzburg has a total workforce of around 6,000 .
There is no blood relation, so it is not like he is your blood brother.	well theres no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother
well theres no blood relation so no its nto like he is your blood brother	There is no blood relation, so it is not like he is your blood brother.
Judy's alone on Saturday, let's make sure Judy comes.	Judy is on Saturday alone, we have to get Judy to come.
Judy is on Saturday alone, we have to get Judy to come.	Judy's alone on Saturday, let's make sure Judy comes.
The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips .	They are rivals with the Crips , another street gang .
They are rivals with the Crips , another street gang .	The gang is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips .
As of 2000 its population was 500,265 .	New Castle County had 500,265 people in 2000 .
New Castle County had 500,265 people in 2000 .	As of 2000 its population was 500,265 .
It is great! Take a look at my question.	it rocks take a look at my question
it rocks take a look at my question	It is great! Take a look at my question.
So that's a million, and that's a million, and I'll get a calculator out for this one right here.	this is a million, and so is this, for an exact calculation to take out my calculator.
this is a million, and so is this, for an exact calculation to take out my calculator.	So that's a million, and that's a million, and I'll get a calculator out for this one right here.
Another awesomely funny tale from Molly Harper.	This is another wickedly amusing paranormal romance by Molly Harper.
This is another wickedly amusing paranormal romance by Molly Harper.	Another awesomely funny tale from Molly Harper.
I cannot wait to read the next book!	I cannot wait to read the second book!!
I cannot wait to read the second book!!	I cannot wait to read the next book!
This is one of my new favorite series.	Definitely one of my new favourite series!
Definitely one of my new favourite series!	This is one of my new favorite series.
The work is composed of 114 sayings .	There are 114 sayings in the text .
There are 114 sayings in the text .	The work is composed of 114 sayings .
Once a man is unfaithful, they will always be unfaithful.	Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.	Once a man is unfaithful, they will always be unfaithful.
Desdemona is an inner satellite of Uranus .	Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus .
Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus .	Desdemona is an inner satellite of Uranus .
He is a great player, though I am a Lions fan and prefer Brett Favre.	He is a dream player...I am a Lions fan and OMG give us Brett Favre!
He is a dream player...I am a Lions fan and OMG give us Brett Favre!	He is a great player, though I am a Lions fan and prefer Brett Favre.
Sake is also referred to in English as rice wine .	Sake is also called `` rice wine '' .
Sake is also called `` rice wine '' .	Sake is also referred to in English as rice wine .
well u can try some p2p softwares like limewire .	use some good p2p softwares like warez or limewire
use some good p2p softwares like warez or limewire	well u can try some p2p softwares like limewire .
Brother, that is the sound of you being amazing!	Brother, that is the sound of YOU ROCKING!
Brother, that is the sound of YOU ROCKING!	Brother, that is the sound of you being amazing!
The baby laughed in his car seat.	A baby is laughing.
A baby is laughing.	The baby laughed in his car seat.
If the first question is answered in the affirmative:	If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:
If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:	If the first question is answered in the affirmative:
Defibrillation is the definitive treatment for the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .	Defibrillation is the act of defibrillating the heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
Defibrillation is the act of defibrillating the heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia .	Defibrillation is the definitive treatment for the life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
The population was 4,871 at the 2000 census .	In 2000 , 4,871 people lived there .
In 2000 , 4,871 people lived there .	The population was 4,871 at the 2000 census .
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.	Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Possibly it is similar to flying - you throw yourself at the ground and miss.	Maybe it's like flying...you throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Maybe it's like flying...you throw yourself at the ground and miss.	Possibly it is similar to flying - you throw yourself at the ground and miss.
That made perfect sense, from a legal perspective.	in legal terms, it makes perfect sense.
in legal terms, it makes perfect sense.	That made perfect sense, from a legal perspective.
On the left side, below the big squares, I wish you luck.	(left side, below the big squares) *Good Luck*
(left side, below the big squares) *Good Luck*	On the left side, below the big squares, I wish you luck.
I missed it as well because I was working.	I was working, so I missed it too.
I was working, so I missed it too.	I missed it as well because I was working.
If he does not respond accordingly, continue to pursue someone else.	if he doesnt respond well then so what, you can find someone else
if he doesnt respond well then so what, you can find someone else	If he does not respond accordingly, continue to pursue someone else.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.	Im very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.	Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
I can let your imagination fill in the rest.	and I'll leave the rest to your imagination.
and I'll leave the rest to your imagination.	I can let your imagination fill in the rest.
The president of your country is going to be murdered in 24 hours.	within 24 hours he will assassinate your president.
within 24 hours he will assassinate your president.	The president of your country is going to be murdered in 24 hours.
The basis of Journalism 101 taught on the first day is "if it bleeds, it leads," which is unfortunately true.	journalism 101--first day if it bleeds, it leads sad, but true
journalism 101--first day if it bleeds, it leads sad, but true	The basis of Journalism 101 taught on the first day is "if it bleeds, it leads," which is unfortunately true.
No, of course not, but if your husband or wife caught you then it is.	No ofcourse, But if your husband/wife caught you then it is.. lol
No ofcourse, But if your husband/wife caught you then it is.. lol	No, of course not, but if your husband or wife caught you then it is.
Aside from people such as George Bush and Tony Blair who possess the ability to destroy the planet using nuclear weapons.	apart from people like Tony Blair & George Bush hu kill the planet best with nuclear wepons etc...!
apart from people like Tony Blair & George Bush hu kill the planet best with nuclear wepons etc...!	Aside from people such as George Bush and Tony Blair who possess the ability to destroy the planet using nuclear weapons.
I have to go and get my shoulder blades worked on, we will talk soon.	Now..........I have to go have my shoulder blades worked on.......we'll talk soon.
Now..........I have to go have my shoulder blades worked on.......we'll talk soon.	I have to go and get my shoulder blades worked on, we will talk soon.
Two championships, three all-star wins, seven straight feature wins.	2 championship, 3 All-Stars victory, 7 straight wins.
2 championship, 3 All-Stars victory, 7 straight wins.	Two championships, three all-star wins, seven straight feature wins.
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria	U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria	US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
He is married to Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .	His second wife was the Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .
His second wife was the Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .	He is married to Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .
Seeing as he saw everything-without seeming to see Astinus watched the black-robed figure's hands clench.	since Astinus saw everything without having to look, he noticed the black figure clutched in his fist.
since Astinus saw everything without having to look, he noticed the black figure clutched in his fist.	Seeing as he saw everything-without seeming to see Astinus watched the black-robed figure's hands clench.
Pi Day and Pi Approximation Day are two holidays held to celebrate the mathematical constant pi .	Pi Day or Pie Approximation Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi .
Pi Day or Pie Approximation Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi .	Pi Day and Pi Approximation Day are two holidays held to celebrate the mathematical constant pi .
You have something belonging to france And I'm here to collect it.	I'm here for something that belongs to France.
I'm here for something that belongs to France.	You have something belonging to france And I'm here to collect it.
A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised.	A man surfing on a white surfboard wearing specialized clothing.
A man surfing on a white surfboard wearing specialized clothing.	A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised.
It's going to happen, young jock.	young jock - its going down.
young jock - its going down.	It's going to happen, young jock.
Well, should I stay or should I leave then?	do you want me to stay or should I go?
do you want me to stay or should I go?	Well, should I stay or should I leave then?
I find this amusing as a music loving person would never do such a thing.	LOL A music lover would NEVER do something like that.
LOL A music lover would NEVER do something like that.	I find this amusing as a music loving person would never do such a thing.
The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .	And binary fission is where a cell splits in two .
And binary fission is where a cell splits in two .	The corresponding sort of cell division in prokaryotes is known as binary fission .
Christina Augulira, if that's how you spell it?	cristina augulira(think thats how u spell it)
cristina augulira(think thats how u spell it)	Christina Augulira, if that's how you spell it?
They appear in Africa in the upper Miocene and only relatively recently in Asia .	They have been found to have been in Africa in the upper Miocene .
They have been found to have been in Africa in the upper Miocene .	They appear in Africa in the upper Miocene and only relatively recently in Asia .
Entertainment is not necessarily fair.	nobody said entertainment has to be fair
nobody said entertainment has to be fair	Entertainment is not necessarily fair.
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
The term peafowl can refer to the two species of bird in the genus Pavo of the pheasant family , Phasianidae .	A peafowl is a kind of bird of the Phasianidae family this means it is a relative of the pheasant .
A peafowl is a kind of bird of the Phasianidae family this means it is a relative of the pheasant .	The term peafowl can refer to the two species of bird in the genus Pavo of the pheasant family , Phasianidae .
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.	A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
In jackal society social unit is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs .	Jackals are monogamous , and a pair defends its territory from other pairs .
Jackals are monogamous , and a pair defends its territory from other pairs .	In jackal society social unit is that of a monogamous pair which defends its territory from other pairs .
The accumulation could become downright embarrassing, over a long enough time-span.	in a long enough time, he could accumulate quite an embarrassing amount.
in a long enough time, he could accumulate quite an embarrassing amount.	The accumulation could become downright embarrassing, over a long enough time-span.
there is still a need to improve the management of public finances.	It is essential to guarantee sustainable public finances.
It is essential to guarantee sustainable public finances.	there is still a need to improve the management of public finances.
You've a strange way of showing gratitude.	you express your gratitude in a peculiar way.
you express your gratitude in a peculiar way.	You've a strange way of showing gratitude.
Hannah Dakota Fanning , better known simply as Dakota Fanning , is an American teen actress .	Dakota Fanning is an American child actress , most famous for her starring role in the movie Dreamer .
Dakota Fanning is an American child actress , most famous for her starring role in the movie Dreamer .	Hannah Dakota Fanning , better known simply as Dakota Fanning , is an American teen actress .
We like 24 and Lost because it is action-packed.	Same reason we like 24 and Lost: FULL OF ACTION!
Same reason we like 24 and Lost: FULL OF ACTION!	We like 24 and Lost because it is action-packed.
I love Molly Harper's Half Moon Hollow books.	I love reading Molly Harper's books.
I love reading Molly Harper's books.	I love Molly Harper's Half Moon Hollow books.
The ashes in your grave are those of Agustina's mother?	so is Agustina's mother in the grave?
so is Agustina's mother in the grave?	The ashes in your grave are those of Agustina's mother?
The summer of Adam Shipley's sabbatical from Andover.	Adam Shipley took a sabbatical in the summer.
Adam Shipley took a sabbatical in the summer.	The summer of Adam Shipley's sabbatical from Andover.
Very good question, I am waiting for answers.	I am waiting for some helpful answers from anyone.
I am waiting for some helpful answers from anyone.	Very good question, I am waiting for answers.
Leto was the titan goddess of being unseen .	Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology .
Leto is a goddess in Greek mythology .	Leto was the titan goddess of being unseen .
Six Flags has the best rides.	it is Six flags because they have the best rids!
it is Six flags because they have the best rids!	Six Flags has the best rides.
It is my cousins, with whom I live.	my cousins with who I live
my cousins with who I live	It is my cousins, with whom I live.
The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is the name of the bloc of political parties in Ukraine led by Yulia Tymoshenko .	The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is a Ukrainian electoral alliance led by the politician Yulia Tymoshenko , current Prime Minister of Ukraine .
The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is a Ukrainian electoral alliance led by the politician Yulia Tymoshenko , current Prime Minister of Ukraine .	The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc is the name of the bloc of political parties in Ukraine led by Yulia Tymoshenko .
You need to act. Good luck.	U NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.GOOD LUCK.
U NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.GOOD LUCK.	You need to act. Good luck.
Coming uphill, slowly, those things would stop a tank.	at a slow climb up the slope, a tank will stop.
at a slow climb up the slope, a tank will stop.	Coming uphill, slowly, those things would stop a tank.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.	The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
Let the others do all the yelling and screaming.	leave the shouting to the others.
leave the shouting to the others.	Let the others do all the yelling and screaming.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
From then on , Palahniuk 's later books would often meet with similar success .	After that , Palahniuk 's later books would mostly have the same success .
After that , Palahniuk 's later books would mostly have the same success .	From then on , Palahniuk 's later books would often meet with similar success .
Chuuk is the most populous of the FSM 's states .	Chuuk has more people than any of the other FSM states .
Chuuk has more people than any of the other FSM states .	Chuuk is the most populous of the FSM 's states .
Why did you not simply look it up on the internet?	Why didn't you just look that up?
Why didn't you just look that up?	Why did you not simply look it up on the internet?
Aren't there enough problems in this world already?	are there not enough problems with this world?
are there not enough problems with this world?	Aren't there enough problems in this world already?
I used to read the book often and I was overjoyed when my mother purchased the film.	I always used to read the book, and I was so happy when my mom bought the movie.
I always used to read the book, and I was so happy when my mom bought the movie.	I used to read the book often and I was overjoyed when my mother purchased the film.
We will aid your safe entry into the palace.	we'll help you get to the palace safely.
we'll help you get to the palace safely.	We will aid your safe entry into the palace.
In actuality I find little in my prior experience to assist me in this.	actually, it seems to me that I have little prior experience.
actually, it seems to me that I have little prior experience.	In actuality I find little in my prior experience to assist me in this.
Ask him if he has someone and if he says no, then you should ask him out.	Ask him if he have someone and if he say no then ask him out.
Ask him if he have someone and if he say no then ask him out.	Ask him if he has someone and if he says no, then you should ask him out.
Okay, well first off, do not ever be nervous around her, even if she things it is adorable.	Okay well first off don't ever be nervous around her, even if she thinks it's adorable.
Okay well first off don't ever be nervous around her, even if she thinks it's adorable.	Okay, well first off, do not ever be nervous around her, even if she things it is adorable.
The dressing on this salad was traditionally Thousand Island dressing , although today it may be served with other dressings .	Chef salad is usually topped with Thousand Island dressing , but can be served with any type of dressing .
Chef salad is usually topped with Thousand Island dressing , but can be served with any type of dressing .	The dressing on this salad was traditionally Thousand Island dressing , although today it may be served with other dressings .
The new rings bring the total number of Uranian rings to 13 .	As of 2010 people knows that the Uranian ring system have 13 rings .
As of 2010 people knows that the Uranian ring system have 13 rings .	The new rings bring the total number of Uranian rings to 13 .
How do I get my five years back?	who's gonna bring me back five years?
who's gonna bring me back five years?	How do I get my five years back?
After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.	I am a participant in cultural interaction, and I wish to incorporate it into my marriage.
I am a participant in cultural interaction, and I wish to incorporate it into my marriage.	After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.
The museum is located immediately south of the Calgary International Airport .	The museum , founded in 1975 , is near the Calgary Airport .
The museum , founded in 1975 , is near the Calgary Airport .	The museum is located immediately south of the Calgary International Airport .
My own car has been broken into three times in this parking lot. You have done nothing.	three times they broke into my car three times, and you didn't do anything.
three times they broke into my car three times, and you didn't do anything.	My own car has been broken into three times in this parking lot. You have done nothing.
A fresh start on a brand new world!	a new beginning on a new planet.
a new beginning on a new planet.	A fresh start on a brand new world!
pictures as well as create a Suunto Movie of the move using Suunto Movescount App.	to add the images and using your Suunto Movescount, you can also create a video Suunto Movie.
to add the images and using your Suunto Movescount, you can also create a video Suunto Movie.	pictures as well as create a Suunto Movie of the move using Suunto Movescount App.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
that's my two cents any way.	That is just my two cents!
That is just my two cents!	that's my two cents any way.
See List of compositions by Germaine Tailleferre .	Germaine Tailleferre was a French composer .
Germaine Tailleferre was a French composer .	See List of compositions by Germaine Tailleferre .
If you really love this one, you should tell her the truth, that you have been fornicating with two others.	if you really love one of them, tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too.
if you really love one of them, tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too.	If you really love this one, you should tell her the truth, that you have been fornicating with two others.
I mean, it's great to stay intact with your inner child, but this is pathetic.	i mean its great to stay intact with your inner child but this is patheitc.
i mean its great to stay intact with your inner child but this is patheitc.	I mean, it's great to stay intact with your inner child, but this is pathetic.
From earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.	Universe to universe, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Universe to universe, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.	From earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
The British Rail Class 317 alternating current electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches , from 1981-82 and 1985-87 .	The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches in 1987 - 88 and 1990 .
The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches in 1987 - 88 and 1990 .	The British Rail Class 317 alternating current electric multiple units were built by BREL York in two batches , from 1981-82 and 1985-87 .
For years, I have been just a friend of hers.	I've only been her friend for years.
I've only been her friend for years.	For years, I have been just a friend of hers.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
I'm still trying to find out, so if you find out first, please let me know.	Im still trying to find that out for myself if you find out tell me!
Im still trying to find that out for myself if you find out tell me!	I'm still trying to find out, so if you find out first, please let me know.
The second the in the Sookie Stackhouse series, "Living Dead in Dallas" is a great book!	I finished the second Sookie Stackhouse novel, Living Dead in Dallas by Charlaine Harris this afternoon.
I finished the second Sookie Stackhouse novel, Living Dead in Dallas by Charlaine Harris this afternoon.	The second the in the Sookie Stackhouse series, "Living Dead in Dallas" is a great book!
I'm not liking what I'm not hearing.	Gunn, I don't like what I don't hear.
Gunn, I don't like what I don't hear.	I'm not liking what I'm not hearing.
This plug-in has no properties that you can set.	unable to set any properties of this plug-in.
unable to set any properties of this plug-in.	This plug-in has no properties that you can set.
Regardless of what happens you should be happy.	:) You should be happy regardless.
:) You should be happy regardless.	Regardless of what happens you should be happy.
Three men stand at a bar with drinks.	Three people drinking and having a good time.
Three people drinking and having a good time.	Three men stand at a bar with drinks.
I am not certain whether he feels "good riddance," or whether he still portrays affection for me.	im not sure whether he feels 'good riddance' or whether he still cares for me.
im not sure whether he feels 'good riddance' or whether he still cares for me.	I am not certain whether he feels "good riddance," or whether he still portrays affection for me.
She considered for a few moments before answering.	before she answered me, she thought about it for a moment.
before she answered me, she thought about it for a moment.	She considered for a few moments before answering.
He heard about Cayce 's condition and offered to attempt a cure .	He heard that Cayce was sick and asked if he could try to cure him .
He heard that Cayce was sick and asked if he could try to cure him .	He heard about Cayce 's condition and offered to attempt a cure .
It is because of the way the man says "S". It makes me uncomfortable.	it's because of how the guy says his ss....uggghhh, it makes me cringe.
it's because of how the guy says his ss....uggghhh, it makes me cringe.	It is because of the way the man says "S". It makes me uncomfortable.
Forming from an extratropical storm , Peter was initially a subtropical storm with minimal convection near its center .	It formed from an extratropical storm , and at first , it was a subtropical cyclone .
It formed from an extratropical storm , and at first , it was a subtropical cyclone .	Forming from an extratropical storm , Peter was initially a subtropical storm with minimal convection near its center .
Reychel has been a slave for her entire life.	Plot: Reychel has been a slave to her master, Kandek, all her life.
Plot: Reychel has been a slave to her master, Kandek, all her life.	Reychel has been a slave for her entire life.
I feel sad watching the others play without you.It	It's just so sad to see others able to play and not you!
It's just so sad to see others able to play and not you!	I feel sad watching the others play without you.It
Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm	Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm	Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm
Judas Priest Turbo Lover has just the right rhythm and sound for the occasion.	Judas Priest Turbo Lover, has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
Judas Priest Turbo Lover, has the groove & rythym just for the occasion	Judas Priest Turbo Lover has just the right rhythm and sound for the occasion.
The narratives have substantial persistence in that they affect our views.	in influencing our opinions, this narrative demonstrates considerable persistence.
in influencing our opinions, this narrative demonstrates considerable persistence.	The narratives have substantial persistence in that they affect our views.
You may be getting taken advantage of no matter what you do.	pretty much ur getting ripped off no matter what
pretty much ur getting ripped off no matter what	You may be getting taken advantage of no matter what you do.
Awesome story with Jeff and Fallon!	If you love Fallon and Jeff you've got to read this.
If you love Fallon and Jeff you've got to read this.	Awesome story with Jeff and Fallon!
Benzylpiperazine is a recreational drug with euphoric , stimulant properties .	Benzylpiperazine , commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug .
Benzylpiperazine , commonly referred to as BZP is an recreational drug .	Benzylpiperazine is a recreational drug with euphoric , stimulant properties .
However , the civil rights movement was met with protests from loyalist counter-demonstrators .	Instead of leading to change , the civil rights movement there were protests counter-demonstrators called Loyalists .
Instead of leading to change , the civil rights movement there were protests counter-demonstrators called Loyalists .	However , the civil rights movement was met with protests from loyalist counter-demonstrators .
I will review the script.	sure i will read ur film script!
sure i will read ur film script!	I will review the script.
By waiting it out, it will all work out in the end.	it'll be ok. just wait it out.
it'll be ok. just wait it out.	By waiting it out, it will all work out in the end.
In a hard situation, best of luck.	Best of luck - not an easy situation.
Best of luck - not an easy situation.	In a hard situation, best of luck.
Treasury's long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.	Treasury's long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
French forces take key Mali town	French forces seize key town
French forces seize key town	French forces take key Mali town
soon the rains will come, heavy, thick, and blinding.	we expect great clouds and heavy rains at night.
we expect great clouds and heavy rains at night.	soon the rains will come, heavy, thick, and blinding.
She is coming, rustled the Everwood leaves.	She is coming, whistled the Everwood winds.
She is coming, whistled the Everwood winds.	She is coming, rustled the Everwood leaves.
I am convinced that you will have a girl.	It definitely will be a girl for sure!
It definitely will be a girl for sure!	I am convinced that you will have a girl.
I loved this short story - wish it were longer!	It was a quick read and part of me wished that it would go on a little longer.
It was a quick read and part of me wished that it would go on a little longer.	I loved this short story - wish it were longer!
As Ginger stated: when you are smart and successful, you can have anything you desire. Well, almost anything.	Like Ginger said when u're smart and successful u can hav anything u want(almost anything)
Like Ginger said when u're smart and successful u can hav anything u want(almost anything)	As Ginger stated: when you are smart and successful, you can have anything you desire. Well, almost anything.
Tell her what your hopes and dream are for both of you in the futures.	Tell her what your hopes and dreams are for the two of you in the future.
Tell her what your hopes and dreams are for the two of you in the future.	Tell her what your hopes and dream are for both of you in the futures.
The Empire of Nicaea succeeded in capturing Constantinople and the rest of the Latin Empire , thus re-establishing the Byzantine Empire .	The Empire of Nicaea took control of Constantinople and also the Latin Empire so it again became the Byzantine Empire .
The Empire of Nicaea took control of Constantinople and also the Latin Empire so it again became the Byzantine Empire .	The Empire of Nicaea succeeded in capturing Constantinople and the rest of the Latin Empire , thus re-establishing the Byzantine Empire .
Okay, I... I am gonna handle this like a lady.	OK, I'll deal with it as a lady.
OK, I'll deal with it as a lady.	Okay, I... I am gonna handle this like a lady.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
A man stares out a window.	A man looks out the window.
A man looks out the window.	A man stares out a window.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.	He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
My best friend and I conected instantly.	but me and my best friend... it was like instantly
but me and my best friend... it was like instantly	My best friend and I conected instantly.
He attended Detroit public schools and graduated from Swarthmore College in 1956 and from Harvard Law School in 1959 .	He went to college at Swarthmore College , and he got his law degree from Harvard University .
He went to college at Swarthmore College , and he got his law degree from Harvard University .	He attended Detroit public schools and graduated from Swarthmore College in 1956 and from Harvard Law School in 1959 .
I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.	when u think ur mature enough to handle the drama that comes along with gettin involove with a guy!
when u think ur mature enough to handle the drama that comes along with gettin involove with a guy!	I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.
Not as good as Fablehaven, but a good kids' read.	Not as good as Fablehaven but still an entertaining book
Not as good as Fablehaven but still an entertaining book	Not as good as Fablehaven, but a good kids' read.
There is no promise you make that I can trust.	I can't count on your promise.
I can't count on your promise.	There is no promise you make that I can trust.
It is a bit of an empty space out there.	the space is a little empty.
the space is a little empty.	It is a bit of an empty space out there.
You know, you have the most beautiful hair I've ever seen.	I've never seen such beautiful hair.
I've never seen such beautiful hair.	You know, you have the most beautiful hair I've ever seen.
That last answer should help, not that one, the one above it.	yep, the last answer should work :) no, not that one, the one above it :)
yep, the last answer should work :) no, not that one, the one above it :)	That last answer should help, not that one, the one above it.
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
I have insurance against kidnapping 10 million.	I'm insured for a 10 million kidnapping case.
I'm insured for a 10 million kidnapping case.	I have insurance against kidnapping 10 million.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage.	[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.	CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage.
He's making fools of us by not showing up.	by the fact he hasn't shown up, he makes us fools.
by the fact he hasn't shown up, he makes us fools.	He's making fools of us by not showing up.
But the answer's always gonna be the same.	and the answer is still the same.
and the answer is still the same.	But the answer's always gonna be the same.
Real Zaragoza was originally formed out of two rival teams : Iberia SC and Real Zaragoza CD .	It was established in 1932 when Zaragoza CD and Iberia FC join to create Real Zaragoza .
It was established in 1932 when Zaragoza CD and Iberia FC join to create Real Zaragoza .	Real Zaragoza was originally formed out of two rival teams : Iberia SC and Real Zaragoza CD .
There is now an urgent need to rebalance growth and to rebuild competitiveness.	a new balance of growth and resumption of competitiveness is now urgently needed.
a new balance of growth and resumption of competitiveness is now urgently needed.	There is now an urgent need to rebalance growth and to rebuild competitiveness.
We go to have 3 harvests to the year instead of one.	instead of one harvest in a year, they will have three.
instead of one harvest in a year, they will have three.	We go to have 3 harvests to the year instead of one.
A girl is communicating with sign language.	A young girl is using sign language.
A young girl is using sign language.	A girl is communicating with sign language.
So good to have more adventures with Hadrian and Royce.	Another great book with Hadrian and Royce!
Another great book with Hadrian and Royce!	So good to have more adventures with Hadrian and Royce.
I will need and picture and information first, such as who you are.	i need pic first and info who are you?
i need pic first and info who are you?	I will need and picture and information first, such as who you are.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever.	And Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever!!!!!OMG!!!!!
And Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever!!!!!OMG!!!!!	Zac Efron is the hottest guy ever.
One shouldn't date at 12 years old.	12 year olds shouldn't be dating.
12 year olds shouldn't be dating.	One shouldn't date at 12 years old.
Be amicable until the situation improves, since you do not want to end it prematurely.	just be nice until things get better---u dont want to call it off too soon
just be nice until things get better---u dont want to call it off too soon	Be amicable until the situation improves, since you do not want to end it prematurely.
Why do they say that liberal homosexuals like Barbara Streisand?	why are liberal homos suppose to like a barbra streisand??
why are liberal homos suppose to like a barbra streisand??	Why do they say that liberal homosexuals like Barbara Streisand?
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.	A row of beer bottles on the floor.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.	Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Abby Cooper is a clairvoyant who describes herself as "vanilla ice cream - good enough but bland.	In the Royal Oak suburb of Detroit, thirtysomething Abby Cooper lives a life that's kind of like vanilla ice cream--good enough, but a little bland.
In the Royal Oak suburb of Detroit, thirtysomething Abby Cooper lives a life that's kind of like vanilla ice cream--good enough, but a little bland.	Abby Cooper is a clairvoyant who describes herself as "vanilla ice cream - good enough but bland.
Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Queen names giant aircraft carrier	Queen to name biggest ever carrier
I would love to hear Eyes on Me by Faye Wong, please put it on.	Eyes on Me, Faye Wong, now!
Eyes on Me, Faye Wong, now!	I would love to hear Eyes on Me by Faye Wong, please put it on.
She sometimes photoshops her pictures, but not always.	sometimes her pics are photoshopped, sometimes not hehe
sometimes her pics are photoshopped, sometimes not hehe	She sometimes photoshops her pictures, but not always.
I got away, it let go of me.	it's not holding me anymore, it's letting me go.
it's not holding me anymore, it's letting me go.	I got away, it let go of me.
Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.	Let's let this play out in court.
It was written by all band members prior to their debut album , Silent Alarm .	In February 2005 , the band released their debut album Silent Alarm .
In February 2005 , the band released their debut album Silent Alarm .	It was written by all band members prior to their debut album , Silent Alarm .
analysis of the acionens effectiitet og produitet 3.4.4.	analysis of apropos effectiitet og produitet 3.8.4.
analysis of apropos effectiitet og produitet 3.8.4.	analysis of the acionens effectiitet og produitet 3.4.4.
It's a digital image. It came with the painting.	a digital photo that was in the picture.
a digital photo that was in the picture.	It's a digital image. It came with the painting.
Can't wait to read the next one.	Can't wait till next year for the 3rd Book " Of Neptune " Wiiii :)
Can't wait till next year for the 3rd Book " Of Neptune " Wiiii :)	Can't wait to read the next one.
You've done your work well, " the man said.	you did a good job," he said.
you did a good job," he said.	You've done your work well, " the man said.
The man began a count, 1 and 2, then suddenly let out an "ARR" shrieking sound.	So the man starts 1....2... ARRRRRR he screams.
So the man starts 1....2... ARRRRRR he screams.	The man began a count, 1 and 2, then suddenly let out an "ARR" shrieking sound.
A little cute girl in a white dress is revealing her presents.	A little girl unwrapping her birthday gift, in a white dress at home.
A little girl unwrapping her birthday gift, in a white dress at home.	A little cute girl in a white dress is revealing her presents.
Yes he is, especially if she demands him to stop and he continues.	2. yes he is especialy if she asks him to stop and he does not.
2. yes he is especialy if she asks him to stop and he does not.	Yes he is, especially if she demands him to stop and he continues.
Outlook Express was not shutdown properly the last time it was used.	your last use was not correctly terminated by Outlook Express.
your last use was not correctly terminated by Outlook Express.	Outlook Express was not shutdown properly the last time it was used.
On September 1 , 1939 , Germany and Slovakia a client state in 1939 attacked Poland .	World War II began on September 1 , 1939 , as Germany invaded Poland .
World War II began on September 1 , 1939 , as Germany invaded Poland .	On September 1 , 1939 , Germany and Slovakia a client state in 1939 attacked Poland .
A text editor is a type of program used for editing plain text files .	A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text .
A text editor is a program that is run on a computer that can create and change text .	A text editor is a type of program used for editing plain text files .
Siloam Springs is made up of Siloam Springs , Arkansas , and West Siloam Springs , Oklahoma .	Siloam Springs is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Siloam Springs is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .	Siloam Springs is made up of Siloam Springs , Arkansas , and West Siloam Springs , Oklahoma .
Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
A train on the train tracks.	Black train on train tracks.
Oh, I'm good with the living room couch.	I'll sleep on the couch in the living room.
I'll sleep on the couch in the living room.	Oh, I'm good with the living room couch.
The degree to which a person is overweight is generally described by Body Mass Index .	To find out if a person is overweight , you can calculate their body mass index .
To find out if a person is overweight , you can calculate their body mass index .	The degree to which a person is overweight is generally described by Body Mass Index .
did it hurt when you fell from heaven?	When you fell, was it from Heaven or what?
When you fell, was it from Heaven or what?	did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
His appearance is improved by the addition of blond-colored hair and he possesses an attractive posterior!	He looks better with blond hair and he has a cute butt!!!
He looks better with blond hair and he has a cute butt!!!	His appearance is improved by the addition of blond-colored hair and he possesses an attractive posterior!
It is a big world out there and you just need to jump back in there!	It's a big world out there and it's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before!
It's a big world out there and it's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before!	It is a big world out there and you just need to jump back in there!
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.	A male soccer player kicks the soccer ball with his right foot.
A male soccer player kicks the soccer ball with his right foot.	A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.
You deserve someone who sees the potential in you.	If she can't see what a wonderful person you are, then she is not the one for you...
If she can't see what a wonderful person you are, then she is not the one for you...	You deserve someone who sees the potential in you.
No reports of damage or casualties have been received .	There was no damage or casualties as Blanca 's impact was generally minimal .
There was no damage or casualties as Blanca 's impact was generally minimal .	No reports of damage or casualties have been received .
Guitar Hero : Metallica is a music video game developed by Neversoft and distributed by Activision .	Guitar Hero : Metallica is an upcoming rhythm game being made by Neversoft with other help from Activision .
Guitar Hero : Metallica is an upcoming rhythm game being made by Neversoft with other help from Activision .	Guitar Hero : Metallica is a music video game developed by Neversoft and distributed by Activision .
I used to watch that show all the time!	I use to watch ALL the time, loved that show!
I use to watch ALL the time, loved that show!	I used to watch that show all the time!
He was often critical to the success of the side of Carthage over Rome .	Many times he was important in Carthage 's successes over Rome .
Many times he was important in Carthage 's successes over Rome .	He was often critical to the success of the side of Carthage over Rome .
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma	Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.	investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.
Instead , Snape kills Dumbledore .	Snape comes up and kills Dumbledore .
Snape comes up and kills Dumbledore .	Instead , Snape kills Dumbledore .
I believe that you could earn some decent money for them on Ebay. Apologies that I was unable to answer your question.	I bet you could get a pretty penny for them on Ebay... (sorry I didn't answer your question)
I bet you could get a pretty penny for them on Ebay... (sorry I didn't answer your question)	I believe that you could earn some decent money for them on Ebay. Apologies that I was unable to answer your question.
The ingredients of traditional soda bread are flour , bread soda , salt , and buttermilk .	In its most basic form it contains only four ingredients ; flour , salt , baking soda , and buttermilk .
In its most basic form it contains only four ingredients ; flour , salt , baking soda , and buttermilk .	The ingredients of traditional soda bread are flour , bread soda , salt , and buttermilk .
Athabasca would have been roused from his bed.	they probably hauled Athabase out of bed.
they probably hauled Athabase out of bed.	Athabasca would have been roused from his bed.
You must develop trust by learning about her, and then you can develop a relationship.	if u want a relationship with her then u have to get to know her...thats where trust comes in.
if u want a relationship with her then u have to get to know her...thats where trust comes in.	You must develop trust by learning about her, and then you can develop a relationship.
No suspects are in custody, as investigation at the scene... continues.	there are no suspects yet, investigations are continuing.
there are no suspects yet, investigations are continuing.	No suspects are in custody, as investigation at the scene... continues.
A smaller station served Parkes Racecourse between 1923 and 1937 .	There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937 .
There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937 .	A smaller station served Parkes Racecourse between 1923 and 1937 .
In 2005 its population was estimated to be 67,232 .	It was guessed that there were 67,232 people in Palatine in 2005 .
It was guessed that there were 67,232 people in Palatine in 2005 .	In 2005 its population was estimated to be 67,232 .
I think Spongebob is hilarious, so does my 30 year old brother, he watches it all of the time.	spongebob is so funny my 30 year brother still watches it and all of the episodes r soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo funny
spongebob is so funny my 30 year brother still watches it and all of the episodes r soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo funny	I think Spongebob is hilarious, so does my 30 year old brother, he watches it all of the time.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
I've summoned a pair of friends who can help	I called for some friends -
I called for some friends -	I've summoned a pair of friends who can help
I got witnesses that say the boy was laying hands on those people when they died.	I have a witness who says they died when the kid put his hands on them.
I have a witness who says they died when the kid put his hands on them.	I got witnesses that say the boy was laying hands on those people when they died.
The shop window was smashed from outside.	someone on the outside broke a window window.
someone on the outside broke a window window.	The shop window was smashed from outside.
Chemically dissociated into harmless components, I heard.	I've heard it should be chemically split into innocuous elements.
I've heard it should be chemically split into innocuous elements.	Chemically dissociated into harmless components, I heard.
This category covers articles about primates as individual species or groups .	These articles are about primates , the animals of the order Primates .
These articles are about primates , the animals of the order Primates .	This category covers articles about primates as individual species or groups .
stop asking where to steal music, go buy it!	Purchase music and stop inquiring of places to steal it from.
Purchase music and stop inquiring of places to steal it from.	stop asking where to steal music, go buy it!
Elvira is convinced and descends to the street .	Elvira comes down to the street .
Elvira comes down to the street .	Elvira is convinced and descends to the street .
However , many tornadoes are preceded by a funnel cloud .	If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .	However , many tornadoes are preceded by a funnel cloud .
I've got a magical cloak of protection.	I have a magic cloak that protects me like armor!
I have a magic cloak that protects me like armor!	I've got a magical cloak of protection.
I was able to locate this site.	You should be able to locate it.
You should be able to locate it.	I was able to locate this site.
It is served by London Overground , London Midland , Southern and London Underground Bakerloo Line services .	Barking station is a railway station served by National Rail , London Underground and London Overground services .
Barking station is a railway station served by National Rail , London Underground and London Overground services .	It is served by London Overground , London Midland , Southern and London Underground Bakerloo Line services .
Try to get areas, or limewire. Things like that are free.	You can get it free on limewire
You can get it free on limewire	Try to get areas, or limewire. Things like that are free.
You can go to www.bearshare.com to teach for and download songs.	A website you might like to find and download music is www.bearshare.com.
A website you might like to find and download music is www.bearshare.com.	You can go to www.bearshare.com to teach for and download songs.
I like Kelly Clarkson the best.	i like both but i would have to pick kelly clarkson
i like both but i would have to pick kelly clarkson	I like Kelly Clarkson the best.
Windows XP Tablet PC Edition is designed to run stylus applications built using the Tablet PC platform .	Another special version of XP is called the Tablet PC Edition , for pen-based laptops .
Another special version of XP is called the Tablet PC Edition , for pen-based laptops .	Windows XP Tablet PC Edition is designed to run stylus applications built using the Tablet PC platform .
the Authority shall adopt the budget of the Office.	the Management Board shall adopt the budget.
the Management Board shall adopt the budget.	the Authority shall adopt the budget of the Office.
You can go to www.bearshare.com to teach for and download songs.	The best website to download music is www.bearshare.com
The best website to download music is www.bearshare.com	You can go to www.bearshare.com to teach for and download songs.
They're not gonna tell us anything, are they?	they didn't tell us everything, did they?
they didn't tell us everything, did they?	They're not gonna tell us anything, are they?
It's never been wrong for a woman to talk to a man.	Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk tp a guy.
Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk tp a guy.	It's never been wrong for a woman to talk to a man.
It won't work with your telephone line.	your telephone line will not support it
your telephone line will not support it	It won't work with your telephone line.
Get every known answer to man.	to,and get every known answewr to man.
to,and get every known answewr to man.	Get every known answer to man.
Wayne Gretzky won the Art Ross Trophy 10 times during his 20-year NHL career .	Wayne Gretzky has won this trophy ten times , the most of any player .
Wayne Gretzky has won this trophy ten times , the most of any player .	Wayne Gretzky won the Art Ross Trophy 10 times during his 20-year NHL career .
a young person with short dark hair is playing a piano	A dark-haired boy in a brown jacket is playing on a shiny piano.
A dark-haired boy in a brown jacket is playing on a shiny piano.	a young person with short dark hair is playing a piano
In some flowers with superior ovaries , the base of the stamens , petals and sepals are fused into a floral tube or hypanthium .	In some species , the other floral parts are fused to form a cup called a floral tube or hypanthium .
In some species , the other floral parts are fused to form a cup called a floral tube or hypanthium .	In some flowers with superior ovaries , the base of the stamens , petals and sepals are fused into a floral tube or hypanthium .
A man does floor exercises.	A man is exercising.
A man is exercising.	A man does floor exercises.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.	The woman is riding on the brown horse.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.	A woman equestrian riding a horse.
So, Gray's been through a few assistants, huh?	so, Gray had a couple of assists, right?
so, Gray had a couple of assists, right?	So, Gray's been through a few assistants, huh?
Each profile is personalized for a particular student , with content and software for each pupil .	All of them are personalized and full of contents and educational software for every pupil .
All of them are personalized and full of contents and educational software for every pupil .	Each profile is personalized for a particular student , with content and software for each pupil .
This is a fantastic way to end this series.	What a great ending to a fantastic series!
What a great ending to a fantastic series!	This is a fantastic way to end this series.
Dehydrated and frozen mashed potatoes are also available in many American or European countries .	Dehydrated instant mashed potato mixes are available in many different flavors .
Dehydrated instant mashed potato mixes are available in many different flavors .	Dehydrated and frozen mashed potatoes are also available in many American or European countries .
Mike Dirnt is an American musician who is currently the bassist and backing vocalist for the American punk rock band Green Day .	Mike Dirnt is the bass guitar player from the punk rock band Green Day , he also sings back up vocals .
Mike Dirnt is the bass guitar player from the punk rock band Green Day , he also sings back up vocals .	Mike Dirnt is an American musician who is currently the bassist and backing vocalist for the American punk rock band Green Day .
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.	I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.	I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
At first, I was extremely interested in reading this book because of how much I enjoyed Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl.	I'd highly recommend this book especially if you've already read "Fangirl".
I'd highly recommend this book especially if you've already read "Fangirl".	At first, I was extremely interested in reading this book because of how much I enjoyed Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl.
Don't be crazy, Tommy, you don't wanna get hanged.	come on, Tommy, you don't want to be hung.
come on, Tommy, you don't want to be hung.	Don't be crazy, Tommy, you don't wanna get hanged.
I wouldn't not be the appropriate person to give that advice, I am a virgin.	and anyway, im not the person to ask im a virgin.
and anyway, im not the person to ask im a virgin.	I wouldn't not be the appropriate person to give that advice, I am a virgin.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking	Remember, there are plenty more fish in the sea.
Remember, there are plenty more fish in the sea.	There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
The population was 16,461 at the 2000 census .	In 2000 , 16,461 people lived in Aberdeen .
In 2000 , 16,461 people lived in Aberdeen .	The population was 16,461 at the 2000 census .
Portia is an inner satellite of Uranus .	Portia is a closer moon to Uranus .
Portia is a closer moon to Uranus .	Portia is an inner satellite of Uranus .
The population was 1,001 at the 2000 census .	1,001 people were living in Strum as of the 2000 census .
1,001 people were living in Strum as of the 2000 census .	The population was 1,001 at the 2000 census .
I said, "Yeah." The guys said,"How was it?" I said, "Great.	and I'm like, "Sure." And they go, "What was that like?" I'm like, "Fantastic.
and I'm like, "Sure." And they go, "What was that like?" I'm like, "Fantastic.	I said, "Yeah." The guys said,"How was it?" I said, "Great.
Giuseppe Dossena is an Italian football manager and former player .	Giuseppe Galderisi is an Italian former football forward and manager .
Giuseppe Galderisi is an Italian former football forward and manager .	Giuseppe Dossena is an Italian football manager and former player .
Now, before you judge the book for this, I was given a copy to review in exchange for an honest review.	I was sent this book by the author for and honest review, so thank you so much, Stormy!
I was sent this book by the author for and honest review, so thank you so much, Stormy!	Now, before you judge the book for this, I was given a copy to review in exchange for an honest review.
This is the most decent among Yu Ri's clothing.	according to Yu Ri, this dress is the best.
according to Yu Ri, this dress is the best.	This is the most decent among Yu Ri's clothing.
They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich .	The home stadium of the club is Portman Road .
The home stadium of the club is Portman Road .	They play their home games at Portman Road in Ipswich .
The other sub-field is quantum mechanics .	The two parts are classical mechanics and quantum mechanics .
The two parts are classical mechanics and quantum mechanics .	The other sub-field is quantum mechanics .
Whatever is gonna happen is gonna happen, no matter what.	what's going to happen is anyway.
what's going to happen is anyway.	Whatever is gonna happen is gonna happen, no matter what.
I do not know the best web search terms to find what you're looking for.	I do not know the best one try to google that hun!
I do not know the best one try to google that hun!	I do not know the best web search terms to find what you're looking for.
that trading connections can expand across the Mediterranean region.	the trade links could be extended to the entire Mediterranean.
the trade links could be extended to the entire Mediterranean.	that trading connections can expand across the Mediterranean region.
The thermal blanket's not big enough for the three of us.	for three, the heat blanket isn't big enough.
for three, the heat blanket isn't big enough.	The thermal blanket's not big enough for the three of us.
Permits are required to keep Bald Eagles in captivity in the United States .	To keep Bald Eagles in captivity , the workers must be experienced in caring for eagles .
To keep Bald Eagles in captivity , the workers must be experienced in caring for eagles .	Permits are required to keep Bald Eagles in captivity in the United States .
A woman in a white shirt and a skirt is singing into a microphone.	Blond female sings into a microphone while her dancers perform behind her.
Blond female sings into a microphone while her dancers perform behind her.	A woman in a white shirt and a skirt is singing into a microphone.
It depends on whether or not the guy is nice.	it really depends on the guy - what kind of a person is he, is he nice, est.
it really depends on the guy - what kind of a person is he, is he nice, est.	It depends on whether or not the guy is nice.
People are shopping at a busy fruit market.	A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market	People are shopping at a busy fruit market.
Since 2002 , its principal conductor is Sir Simon Rattle .	The conductor of the orchestra is Sir Simon Rattle .
The conductor of the orchestra is Sir Simon Rattle .	Since 2002 , its principal conductor is Sir Simon Rattle .
And, well, in the middle of her 700th lap, ..this embolism popped in her brain and she dropped dead.	well, she got a brain embolism in the mid-seat pool, and she was dead at the scene.
well, she got a brain embolism in the mid-seat pool, and she was dead at the scene.	And, well, in the middle of her 700th lap, ..this embolism popped in her brain and she dropped dead.
After Item 4.1.3 (now 4.1.2) a new Item 4.1.3 shall be incorporated as follows: "4.1.3.	the following point shall be inserted after point 4.1.3 (now paragraph 4.1.2):
the following point shall be inserted after point 4.1.3 (now paragraph 4.1.2):	After Item 4.1.3 (now 4.1.2) a new Item 4.1.3 shall be incorporated as follows: "4.1.3.
Johannes Plott left his native Germany and came to this country in 1750 .	In 1750 , two brothers called Plott left Germany to live in America .
In 1750 , two brothers called Plott left Germany to live in America .	Johannes Plott left his native Germany and came to this country in 1750 .
Well, it must be nice to be queen. Queen?	being queen must be a great feeling.
being queen must be a great feeling.	Well, it must be nice to be queen. Queen?
In conclusion, Braineater Jones is a great novel.	Braineater Jones is one of the most original, at times hilarious, at times depressing, books I've read in a long while.
Braineater Jones is one of the most original, at times hilarious, at times depressing, books I've read in a long while.	In conclusion, Braineater Jones is a great novel.
They also performed with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter on many occasions .	The quartet often played piano quintets with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter .
The quartet often played piano quintets with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter .	They also performed with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter on many occasions .
The population was 1,037 at the 2000 census .	1,037 people were living in Poygan as of the 2000 census .
1,037 people were living in Poygan as of the 2000 census .	The population was 1,037 at the 2000 census .
I've seen it on TV. Clinton is there with his girl	I saw Clinton and his girl on TV.
I saw Clinton and his girl on TV.	I've seen it on TV. Clinton is there with his girl
That is why we are all here answering queries.	yes but thats why we are all here answering questions.
yes but thats why we are all here answering questions.	That is why we are all here answering queries.
Carly Rae Patterson is a singer and former gymnast .	Carly Rae Patterson used to be an American gymnast .
Carly Rae Patterson used to be an American gymnast .	Carly Rae Patterson is a singer and former gymnast .
I promise you I've never seen that before.	I swear I didn't see it in my life.
I swear I didn't see it in my life.	I promise you I've never seen that before.
That's profiling. It's kind of a little Orwellian, isn't it?	isn't that a little Orwellian?
isn't that a little Orwellian?	That's profiling. It's kind of a little Orwellian, isn't it?
Two young women run down the sidewalk at night.	Two women dancing in the street late at night.
Two women dancing in the street late at night.	Two young women run down the sidewalk at night.
The Cetagandan destruction of the old capital of Vorkosigan Vashnoi had torn the heart out of the Vorkosigan's District, three generations ago.	three generations ago, during the Cetagandan War, the capital was destroyed in the center of the Vorkosigan District.
three generations ago, during the Cetagandan War, the capital was destroyed in the center of the Vorkosigan District.	The Cetagandan destruction of the old capital of Vorkosigan Vashnoi had torn the heart out of the Vorkosigan's District, three generations ago.
No great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made Hartley their home .	No great events happened here , and not many famous persons lived in Hartley .
No great events happened here , and not many famous persons lived in Hartley .	No great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made Hartley their home .
It can read the thoughts and movements of other beings by sensing the Aura that they emit .	By catching the Aura coming from others , it can read their thoughts .
By catching the Aura coming from others , it can read their thoughts .	It can read the thoughts and movements of other beings by sensing the Aura that they emit .
No I haven't had any dreams similar to that.	hmm nope haven't had any dreams like that before
hmm nope haven't had any dreams like that before	No I haven't had any dreams similar to that.
This is a list of the reptiles native to Australia .	A list of reptiles that come from Australia .
A list of reptiles that come from Australia .	This is a list of the reptiles native to Australia .
Edge then revealed that Chavo Guerrero would be in his corner .	Edge then said that he would have Chavo Guerrero outside the ring .
Edge then said that he would have Chavo Guerrero outside the ring .	Edge then revealed that Chavo Guerrero would be in his corner .
I am not certain about this camp for adults, but it would be enjoyable.	I don't know about this adult camp, but that'd be pretty cool!
I don't know about this adult camp, but that'd be pretty cool!	I am not certain about this camp for adults, but it would be enjoyable.
Childhood memories talking with Mum.	the memory of childhood when I spoke to my mother.
the memory of childhood when I spoke to my mother.	Childhood memories talking with Mum.
The term multialphabetism describes parallel use of different alphabets .	Multialphabetism is where a mix of more than one alphabet is used .
Multialphabetism is where a mix of more than one alphabet is used .	The term multialphabetism describes parallel use of different alphabets .
The cheese is named after the city of Gouda in the Netherlands , but its name is not protected .	The name Gouda is not protected , Gouda is made all over the world .
The name Gouda is not protected , Gouda is made all over the world .	The cheese is named after the city of Gouda in the Netherlands , but its name is not protected .
Aileen, who lives with her grandmother, is supposed to become a wise woman.	Aileen is training under her Aunt Beck in hopes of becoming a Wise Woman of Skarr, as all the women in her family have been.
Aileen is training under her Aunt Beck in hopes of becoming a Wise Woman of Skarr, as all the women in her family have been.	Aileen, who lives with her grandmother, is supposed to become a wise woman.
My apologizes, but I can't assist with that request.	sorry...cant help u with that one!!!!!
sorry...cant help u with that one!!!!!	My apologizes, but I can't assist with that request.
It is also transliterated felafel and filafil .	Different spellings in English include felafel and filafil .
Different spellings in English include felafel and filafil .	It is also transliterated felafel and filafil .
Domestic workers are often required by their employers to wear a uniform .	Sometimes servants wear uniform when working for their employers .
Sometimes servants wear uniform when working for their employers .	Domestic workers are often required by their employers to wear a uniform .
The remains of the original Eureka Flag are on public display in the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .	The rebel miners flag , the Eureka Flag can be seen at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .
The rebel miners flag , the Eureka Flag can be seen at the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .	The remains of the original Eureka Flag are on public display in the Ballarat Fine Art Gallery .
But nearly everyone in Cambodia has lost relatives to the Khmer Rouge.	behind the crusade of the Khmer Rouge, nearly every inhabitant of Cambodia lost at least one relative.
behind the crusade of the Khmer Rouge, nearly every inhabitant of Cambodia lost at least one relative.	But nearly everyone in Cambodia has lost relatives to the Khmer Rouge.
You had answered my previous question. What a woman expects from a man she marries?	U had answred my Q: What a gul expect fr a boy when she get married?
U had answred my Q: What a gul expect fr a boy when she get married?	You had answered my previous question. What a woman expects from a man she marries?
Do different rules apply to people who have heart disease?	does heart disease apply other rules than for others?
does heart disease apply other rules than for others?	Do different rules apply to people who have heart disease?
You can be shy, but you can also speak your mind whenever necessary.	Be shy, but speak ur mind wen u feel u should.
Be shy, but speak ur mind wen u feel u should.	You can be shy, but you can also speak your mind whenever necessary.
Blood built up at the corners of Sharon's mouth as he gasped and wheezed.	Sharon gasped and whined, blood in the corners of his mouth.
Sharon gasped and whined, blood in the corners of his mouth.	Blood built up at the corners of Sharon's mouth as he gasped and wheezed.
Hillary married Louise Mary Rose on 3 September 1953 , soon after the ascent of Everest .	Hillary married Louise Mary Rose in 1953 , by whom he had a son and two daughters .
Hillary married Louise Mary Rose in 1953 , by whom he had a son and two daughters .	Hillary married Louise Mary Rose on 3 September 1953 , soon after the ascent of Everest .
You could try searching on the bigpond home page, which should likely have what you need and is a good site.	go to the bigpond home page its got exactly what your looking for and its good
go to the bigpond home page its got exactly what your looking for and its good	You could try searching on the bigpond home page, which should likely have what you need and is a good site.
in the event of a positive answer to the question 1:	If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:
If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:	in the event of a positive answer to the question 1:
@realDonaldTrump: We have got to take our country back. It's time! Win it Mr. Trump	Donald J. Trump, I am voting for you to be our next "El Presidente"! #trumpforpresident
Donald J. Trump, I am voting for you to be our next "El Presidente"! #trumpforpresident	@realDonaldTrump: We have got to take our country back. It's time! Win it Mr. Trump
South Park Mexican (SPM) is not a group, rather he is a rapper from Houston.	spm is not a group its a rapper south park mexican hes from houston
spm is not a group its a rapper south park mexican hes from houston	South Park Mexican (SPM) is not a group, rather he is a rapper from Houston.
The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .	The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown and Plymouth , in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively .
The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown and Plymouth , in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively .	The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
The you made to constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted .	Such edits constitute vandalism , and will be reverted .
Such edits constitute vandalism , and will be reverted .	The you made to constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted .
All right, look, this is gonna sound crazy, all right?	you know, it's gonna look crazy, right?
you know, it's gonna look crazy, right?	All right, look, this is gonna sound crazy, all right?
Morphine has a high potential for addiction ; tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence develop rapidly .	Morphine is highly addictive when compared to other substances , and tolerance and physical and psychological dependences develop very rapidly .
Morphine is highly addictive when compared to other substances , and tolerance and physical and psychological dependences develop very rapidly .	Morphine has a high potential for addiction ; tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence develop rapidly .
You are able to purchase it on eBay.	You may be able to procure that item on Ebay.
You may be able to procure that item on Ebay.	You are able to purchase it on eBay.
In 1841 , Ingres produced the most celebrated portrait of the old composer .	In 1841 , Ingres painted a well-known portrait of Cherubini .
In 1841 , Ingres painted a well-known portrait of Cherubini .	In 1841 , Ingres produced the most celebrated portrait of the old composer .
Of course Jay-Z ignored the law and got busted. Of course he makes so much money he didn't care.	Of course Jay-Z ignored this rule, got busted, and made so much money anyway he didn't need to care.
Of course Jay-Z ignored this rule, got busted, and made so much money anyway he didn't need to care.	Of course Jay-Z ignored the law and got busted. Of course he makes so much money he didn't care.
The vast canal can handle more ship traffic and larger ships than the Panama Canal .	The success of the canal encouraged the French to start building the Panama Canal .
The success of the canal encouraged the French to start building the Panama Canal .	The vast canal can handle more ship traffic and larger ships than the Panama Canal .
People: Donald Trump is a man who can lead this country into the future.	@realDonaldTrump is the only candidate who has the backbone to get our #country back on the #rightpath
@realDonaldTrump is the only candidate who has the backbone to get our #country back on the #rightpath	People: Donald Trump is a man who can lead this country into the future.
The name Peloponnesos means `` Island of Pelops '' .	Its name means Island of the People and was named after Pelops .
Its name means Island of the People and was named after Pelops .	The name Peloponnesos means `` Island of Pelops '' .
The natural environment is contrasted with the built environment , which comprises the areas and components that are strongly influenced by humans .	The environment that is influenced by humans can be called `` the built environment '' or cultural landscape .
The environment that is influenced by humans can be called `` the built environment '' or cultural landscape .	The natural environment is contrasted with the built environment , which comprises the areas and components that are strongly influenced by humans .
I fail to understand the difficulty.	I don't see what the problem is.
I don't see what the problem is.	I fail to understand the difficulty.
Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency .	Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State .
Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State .	Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency .
Other common foreign words have also been adopted by the Lithuanian language .	Lithuanian , however , adopted less words and phrases from German and other languages .
Lithuanian , however , adopted less words and phrases from German and other languages .	Other common foreign words have also been adopted by the Lithuanian language .
That would be the one about outer space and saving the queen.	The one in outer space... -Save the queen!
The one in outer space... -Save the queen!	That would be the one about outer space and saving the queen.
It looks the same as the rest of them.	he looks just like the others.
he looks just like the others.	It looks the same as the rest of them.
Silvanito, he was captured this morning by those men of Ramon's.	Ramon's men captured him this morning.
Ramon's men captured him this morning.	Silvanito, he was captured this morning by those men of Ramon's.
Edinburgh Trams is a forthcoming light rail tramway system which is currently under construction in Edinburgh , Scotland .	The Edinburgh Trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in Edinburgh , Scotland .
The Edinburgh Trams project is a scheme to build a new tramway in Edinburgh , Scotland .	Edinburgh Trams is a forthcoming light rail tramway system which is currently under construction in Edinburgh , Scotland .
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud	US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
Rock musicians have a wonderful sense of music.	rocker have a great sense of music.
rocker have a great sense of music.	Rock musicians have a wonderful sense of music.
The best way would be to do it face to face.	It definitly has to be Face to Face.
It definitly has to be Face to Face.	The best way would be to do it face to face.
There are far worse crimes that must be answered for.	others have to answer for much worse crimes.
others have to answer for much worse crimes.	There are far worse crimes that must be answered for.
Shield volcanoes can be found in many places around the world , including Australia , Ethiopia , and the Galapagos Islands .	There are also shield volcanoes , for example , in Washington , Oregon , and the Galapagos Islands .
There are also shield volcanoes , for example , in Washington , Oregon , and the Galapagos Islands .	Shield volcanoes can be found in many places around the world , including Australia , Ethiopia , and the Galapagos Islands .
Sarkissian works in abstract art as a statement of post-soviet freedom of expression .	Sarkissian creates abstract art to show and enjoy the post-soviet freedom in Armenia .
Sarkissian creates abstract art to show and enjoy the post-soviet freedom in Armenia .	Sarkissian works in abstract art as a statement of post-soviet freedom of expression .
Something that demonstrates your love for them.	something that show you love them
something that show you love them	Something that demonstrates your love for them.
Tinder is easily combustible material used to ignite fires by rudimentary methods .	Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match .
Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match .	Tinder is easily combustible material used to ignite fires by rudimentary methods .
Leornak's grin grew and his whiskers quivered slightly as he regarded the two humans.	Leornak regarded the two men with a broader grin, and the whiskers trembled slightly.
Leornak regarded the two men with a broader grin, and the whiskers trembled slightly.	Leornak's grin grew and his whiskers quivered slightly as he regarded the two humans.
Tell him he has lost your friendship that you do not need an abusive friend.	do you really want a friend who treats women badly?tell him he has lost a friend and a wife
do you really want a friend who treats women badly?tell him he has lost a friend and a wife	Tell him he has lost your friendship that you do not need an abusive friend.
Almost all of Plato 's works center around Socrates .	Plato is our main source of information about Socrates .
Plato is our main source of information about Socrates .	Almost all of Plato 's works center around Socrates .
You guys will then trust each other more and be able to talk openly.	and you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly.
and you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly.	You guys will then trust each other more and be able to talk openly.
By the same date, the average committed for all measures was 27% [20].	each measure averaged 27% [20] at the same date.
each measure averaged 27% [20] at the same date.	By the same date, the average committed for all measures was 27% [20].
Like many other indoor soccer leagues , the AISL also had their own various of rules .	The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league .
The American Indoor Soccer League or AISL originally considered itself a minor indoor soccer league .	Like many other indoor soccer leagues , the AISL also had their own various of rules .
In this one Hades is a woman.	And Hades being a woman was a strange twist.
And Hades being a woman was a strange twist.	In this one Hades is a woman.
Winds in Watonga gusted as high as 82 mph , which damaged numerous trees and power lines and heavily damaged mobile homes .	The winds knocked down trees and power lines , leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm .
The winds knocked down trees and power lines , leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm .	Winds in Watonga gusted as high as 82 mph , which damaged numerous trees and power lines and heavily damaged mobile homes .
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.	A woman is shooting off a gun.
A woman is shooting off a gun.	A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
Carlos Wu's nanotech 'doc had made him too young.	and he's too young - thanks to the nanoscience of Carlos Wu.
and he's too young - thanks to the nanoscience of Carlos Wu.	Carlos Wu's nanotech 'doc had made him too young.
During transcription , a DNA sequence is read by RNA polymerase , which produces a complementary , antiparallel RNA strand .	The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand .
The DNA sequence is copied by a special enzyme called RNA polymerase to make a matching RNA strand .	During transcription , a DNA sequence is read by RNA polymerase , which produces a complementary , antiparallel RNA strand .
Confucianism is a Chinese ethical and philosophical system developed from the teachings of the Chinese philosopher Confucius .	Confucianism is the philosophy based on the teachings of Confucius , who was an important Chinese philosopher .
Confucianism is the philosophy based on the teachings of Confucius , who was an important Chinese philosopher .	Confucianism is a Chinese ethical and philosophical system developed from the teachings of the Chinese philosopher Confucius .
the Japanese heard from Hirohihita on radio surrender.	Surrender reached the Japanese in a broadcast by Hirohito.
Surrender reached the Japanese in a broadcast by Hirohito.	the Japanese heard from Hirohihita on radio surrender.
I really enjoyed the book and the entire series.	I enjoyed this one the most of all the books in this series.
I enjoyed this one the most of all the books in this series.	I really enjoyed the book and the entire series.
she's your wife u cant just forget about the relationship.	doesn't matter the key fact is she's your wife!
doesn't matter the key fact is she's your wife!	she's your wife u cant just forget about the relationship.
Asuras also appear as a type of supernatural being in traditional Buddhist cosmology .	On the Buddhist scale of supernatural beings , the Asuras are almost at the bottom .
On the Buddhist scale of supernatural beings , the Asuras are almost at the bottom .	Asuras also appear as a type of supernatural being in traditional Buddhist cosmology .
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.	Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Luba Goy is a Canadian comedian and one of the stars of Royal Canadian Air Farce .	Luba Goy is now a Canadian comedienne and a Canadian television star .
Luba Goy is now a Canadian comedienne and a Canadian television star .	Luba Goy is a Canadian comedian and one of the stars of Royal Canadian Air Farce .
Dozens of software applications perform that function.	there are dozens of softwares that does that
there are dozens of softwares that does that	Dozens of software applications perform that function.
Color schemes are not available when you've set up your publication for spot color or black and white printing at a commercial printing service.	if you have set the publication to print direct colors or black-and-white printing in a commercial press service, there are no color schemes available.
if you have set the publication to print direct colors or black-and-white printing in a commercial press service, there are no color schemes available.	Color schemes are not available when you've set up your publication for spot color or black and white printing at a commercial printing service.
You must not be serious. It seems very obvious that she uses drugs.	are you kidding...there is no way she DOESNT do drugs
are you kidding...there is no way she DOESNT do drugs	You must not be serious. It seems very obvious that she uses drugs.
Provide for him kneading therapy, followed by a high temperature bathing session and a subsequent toweling off.	:) Give him a massage and then a hot bath, gently washing his hair and toweling him off afterward.
:) Give him a massage and then a hot bath, gently washing his hair and toweling him off afterward.	Provide for him kneading therapy, followed by a high temperature bathing session and a subsequent toweling off.
- ensuring security of supply of essential resources;	- securing the supply of main sources;
- securing the supply of main sources;	- ensuring security of supply of essential resources;
Select this check box to automatically install the software needed to open documents of this type.	the checkout item will allow the automatic installation of software needed to open a document of this type.
the checkout item will allow the automatic installation of software needed to open a document of this type.	Select this check box to automatically install the software needed to open documents of this type.
I don't know why Kareena is with such an unattractive person like him.	i dont knw why kareena is with a fugly kid like him !..
i dont knw why kareena is with a fugly kid like him !..	I don't know why Kareena is with such an unattractive person like him.
That pistol... ...is restricted for the use of army personnel.	the gun... is only used by the military.
the gun... is only used by the military.	That pistol... ...is restricted for the use of army personnel.
One strand of DNA , the template strand , is used as a template for RNA synthesis .	This strand is called the template strand , because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript .
This strand is called the template strand , because it provides the template for ordering the sequence of nucleotides in an RNA transcript .	One strand of DNA , the template strand , is used as a template for RNA synthesis .
Planning on playing the stock market, were you?	did you want to invest in the stock market?
did you want to invest in the stock market?	Planning on playing the stock market, were you?
The Japanese equivalent of a sash , obi , serves to hold a kimono or yukata together .	A sash is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together , and is usually tied about the waist .
A sash is a cloth belt used to hold a robe together , and is usually tied about the waist .	The Japanese equivalent of a sash , obi , serves to hold a kimono or yukata together .
Each round, you put somebody different in the boat.	there will be someone else in the boat in every round.
there will be someone else in the boat in every round.	Each round, you put somebody different in the boat.
This is a lovely little love story in the Daughter of Smoke and Bone universe.	A MUST READ of Daughter of Smoke & Bone readers
A MUST READ of Daughter of Smoke & Bone readers	This is a lovely little love story in the Daughter of Smoke and Bone universe.
As the protagonist, Yara is a strong heroine.	Yara was a great character and I loved her a lot.
Yara was a great character and I loved her a lot.	As the protagonist, Yara is a strong heroine.
Saturn is the namesake of both Saturn , the planet , and Saturday .	The day Saturday is named after the Roman god , as well as the planet Saturn .
The day Saturday is named after the Roman god , as well as the planet Saturn .	Saturn is the namesake of both Saturn , the planet , and Saturday .
Manager Brian Epstein later hired Evans as their assistant road manager , in tandem with Neil Aspinall .	Evans was hired to help Neil Aspinall , who was the band 's original road manager .
Evans was hired to help Neil Aspinall , who was the band 's original road manager .	Manager Brian Epstein later hired Evans as their assistant road manager , in tandem with Neil Aspinall .
You know, 20 years you been coming to my joint.	you've been in my place for 20 years.
you've been in my place for 20 years.	You know, 20 years you been coming to my joint.
A man is standing inside a cherry picker.	One man in a cherry picker doing his job.
One man in a cherry picker doing his job.	A man is standing inside a cherry picker.
Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower
Tokyo stocks open lower	Aust stocks open lower
Jolly awkward if it had been another fellow.	it would be awkward if it was someone else.
it would be awkward if it was someone else.	Jolly awkward if it had been another fellow.
If it is important and not for stalkers.	If its incredibly important & not for fan stalking little girl crazed fan.
If its incredibly important & not for fan stalking little girl crazed fan.	If it is important and not for stalkers.
Meg Cabot just has that gift.	Remembrance by Meg Cabot is brilliantly well-done.
Remembrance by Meg Cabot is brilliantly well-done.	Meg Cabot just has that gift.
It would have to be a U-boat that the skipper is worried about, then.	that's probably why the skippers are worried about the U-boat.
that's probably why the skippers are worried about the U-boat.	It would have to be a U-boat that the skipper is worried about, then.
A small military jet had been waiting for him when the first copter dropped him at the airport in Boise.	the first was taken out at Bois airport, where a small military plane was waiting for him.
the first was taken out at Bois airport, where a small military plane was waiting for him.	A small military jet had been waiting for him when the first copter dropped him at the airport in Boise.
It is fascinating not only to get Edward's view, but everyone's thoughts as well.	It is fascinating to see the Twilight story from Edward's point of view.
It is fascinating to see the Twilight story from Edward's point of view.	It is fascinating not only to get Edward's view, but everyone's thoughts as well.
I'll put the dress on and I'll smart meself up.	I dress up and I'll look elegant.
I dress up and I'll look elegant.	I'll put the dress on and I'll smart meself up.
You will just end up hurting her but you would not feel it with a pornstar.	you will just end up hurting a virgin and you wont even feel it with a pornstar.
you will just end up hurting a virgin and you wont even feel it with a pornstar.	You will just end up hurting her but you would not feel it with a pornstar.
Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Carl Wilhelm Siemens and others contributed subsequently to this field .	Contributions were also made by George Westinghouse , Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Wilhelm Siemens and Oliver Shallenger .
Contributions were also made by George Westinghouse , Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Wilhelm Siemens and Oliver Shallenger .	Lucien Gaulard , John Dixon Gibbs , Carl Wilhelm Siemens and others contributed subsequently to this field .
What other programs have you watched on the SciFi station. I have not watched the other station. What is the channel number?	and what else have you watched on scifi i havent watched the other station what channel is it on?
and what else have you watched on scifi i havent watched the other station what channel is it on?	What other programs have you watched on the SciFi station. I have not watched the other station. What is the channel number?
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.	Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
So, I asked for a guitar at 13 for my birthday.	on my 13th birthday, I wanted a guitar.
on my 13th birthday, I wanted a guitar.	So, I asked for a guitar at 13 for my birthday.
These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia .	Kota Kinabalu is also one of the major industrial and commercial centres of East Malaysia .
Kota Kinabalu is also one of the major industrial and commercial centres of East Malaysia .	These two factors combine to make Kota Kinabalu one of the fastest growing cities in Malaysia .
When need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore .	The need for town criers has disappeared and they became part of the local folklore .
The need for town criers has disappeared and they became part of the local folklore .	When need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore .
The purple rock determined who would be eliminated .	The contestant with the purple rock would be eliminated .
The contestant with the purple rock would be eliminated .	The purple rock determined who would be eliminated .
I wish to discern whether or not he is a good fit for your positive physical and intellectual qualities.	!I wanna see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR UR BEAUTY N INTELLIGENCE!!
!I wanna see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR UR BEAUTY N INTELLIGENCE!!	I wish to discern whether or not he is a good fit for your positive physical and intellectual qualities.
Also at this time the Mid Sussex region was transferred from East Sussex .	In 1974 the old county of Sussex was split into East Sussex and West Sussex .
In 1974 the old county of Sussex was split into East Sussex and West Sussex .	Also at this time the Mid Sussex region was transferred from East Sussex .
This is a great follow up to the The Witching Hour.	I liked this one better than The Witching Hour.
I liked this one better than The Witching Hour.	This is a great follow up to the The Witching Hour.
Please! This is a room with blood all over the floor!	the floor in that room is covered in blood!
the floor in that room is covered in blood!	Please! This is a room with blood all over the floor!
It was so much fun :) love Percy's PoV!	I simply adored reading from Percy's POV again.
I simply adored reading from Percy's POV again.	It was so much fun :) love Percy's PoV!
Las Vegas cleanses guys like me from sin.	For guys like me,Las Vegas washes away your sins.
For guys like me,Las Vegas washes away your sins.	Las Vegas cleanses guys like me from sin.
Just as amazing and about the brother of the Highlander in the above mentioned "Kiss of the Highlander".	Kiss of the Highlander was amazing.
Kiss of the Highlander was amazing.	Just as amazing and about the brother of the Highlander in the above mentioned "Kiss of the Highlander".
Becky was the best singer and performed a great rendition of "Because the Night".	ALl i know is becky the one person who could sing and sung an awesome song because the night
ALl i know is becky the one person who could sing and sung an awesome song because the night	Becky was the best singer and performed a great rendition of "Because the Night".
I thought that he was going to marry Julia, but he married cameron.	i thought he was going to marry Julia but he stayed with his guts and married cameron
i thought he was going to marry Julia but he stayed with his guts and married cameron	I thought that he was going to marry Julia, but he married cameron.
@realDonaldTrump he is a real leader and deserves to be President.	@realDonaldTrump A man who isn't afraid to speak the truth is a man who I'll vote for! Take it home, Mr. Trump! #FuturePresident
@realDonaldTrump A man who isn't afraid to speak the truth is a man who I'll vote for! Take it home, Mr. Trump! #FuturePresident	@realDonaldTrump he is a real leader and deserves to be President.
His smithy was believed to be situated underneath Mount Etna in Sicily .	He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily .
He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily .	His smithy was believed to be situated underneath Mount Etna in Sicily .
Please let me know if you find out who sings this song.	(ends) if you find out who sings it and the name, please let me know.
(ends) if you find out who sings it and the name, please let me know.	Please let me know if you find out who sings this song.
Except for Dubhe and Alkaid , the stars of the Big Dipper all have proper motions heading towards a common point in Sagittarius .	All of the stars in the constellation except Dubhe and Alkaid are moving toward the same point in the sky through proper motion .
All of the stars in the constellation except Dubhe and Alkaid are moving toward the same point in the sky through proper motion .	Except for Dubhe and Alkaid , the stars of the Big Dipper all have proper motions heading towards a common point in Sagittarius .
They're an indigenous people from the Pacific northwest coast.	they are natives on the northwest coast of the Pacific.
they are natives on the northwest coast of the Pacific.	They're an indigenous people from the Pacific northwest coast.
The surprised soldiers swung towards the charging warrior.	the surprise of the troops immediately turned to the attacking warrior.
the surprise of the troops immediately turned to the attacking warrior.	The surprised soldiers swung towards the charging warrior.
I absolutely LOVED reading from Nick's perspective!	I loved getting Nick's perspective, even for the 30 seconds it took to read this quick novella.
I loved getting Nick's perspective, even for the 30 seconds it took to read this quick novella.	I absolutely LOVED reading from Nick's perspective!
I love the was Alex Flinn remakes our beloved fairytales.	Another great story by Alex Flinn.
Another great story by Alex Flinn.	I love the was Alex Flinn remakes our beloved fairytales.
A truth you're not prepared to face, Seer.	you're not ready for this truth, fortune-teller.
you're not ready for this truth, fortune-teller.	A truth you're not prepared to face, Seer.
All this time, they had been lurking down there.	they hid there all the time.
they hid there all the time.	All this time, they had been lurking down there.
In September 1954 , Monroe filmed one of the key scenes for The Seven Year Itch in New York City .	On September 14 , 1954 , Monroe filmed the skirt-blowing scene for The Seven Year Itch in front of New York 's Trans-Lux Theater .
On September 14 , 1954 , Monroe filmed the skirt-blowing scene for The Seven Year Itch in front of New York 's Trans-Lux Theater .	In September 1954 , Monroe filmed one of the key scenes for The Seven Year Itch in New York City .
She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign .	She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India .
She was the last Queen consort of Ireland and Empress consort of India .	She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign .
NATO has a joint responsibility to solve this problem.	solving this problem is NATO's responsibility.
solving this problem is NATO's responsibility.	NATO has a joint responsibility to solve this problem.
I love this series and all the characters.	Loved seeing all the characters that I've come to love!
Loved seeing all the characters that I've come to love!	I love this series and all the characters.
So 154, what is the multiple of 10 above 154?	what's the count of 10 over 154?
what's the count of 10 over 154?	So 154, what is the multiple of 10 above 154?
I am going to tell you that you have no right to complain	Alright honey, I'm just gonna tell you flat out - you have no right to complain.
Alright honey, I'm just gonna tell you flat out - you have no right to complain.	I am going to tell you that you have no right to complain
Now, that's a rock that would have impressed even Mae West.	then Mae West would be stunned by this stone.
then Mae West would be stunned by this stone.	Now, that's a rock that would have impressed even Mae West.
Jimmy's got way too much experience for that.	Jimmy had a lot of experience on this.
Jimmy had a lot of experience on this.	Jimmy's got way too much experience for that.
Nuclear potential energy , along with electric potential energy , provides the energy released from nuclear fission and nuclear fusion processes .	Scientists now know that matter can be made into energy through processes like nuclear fission and nuclear fusion .
Scientists now know that matter can be made into energy through processes like nuclear fission and nuclear fusion .	Nuclear potential energy , along with electric potential energy , provides the energy released from nuclear fission and nuclear fusion processes .
Does this look like the sort of thing gimbley's capable of, in your professional opinion?	in your professional opinion, this looks like something...... what a gimbley would be able to do?
in your professional opinion, this looks like something...... what a gimbley would be able to do?	Does this look like the sort of thing gimbley's capable of, in your professional opinion?
You're here for the peace conference? -here to write about it.	did you come to the peace conference?
did you come to the peace conference?	You're here for the peace conference? -here to write about it.
Osteen , Florida is an unincorporated community located in southwest Volusia County .	Osteen is a city of Florida in the United States .
Osteen is a city of Florida in the United States .	Osteen , Florida is an unincorporated community located in southwest Volusia County .
Still loved it Can't wait for the next	Can't wait for the next book.
Can't wait for the next book.	Still loved it Can't wait for the next
You've made that abundantly clear. Uh, but no, thank you.	you said so clearly, but no, thanks.
you said so clearly, but no, thanks.	You've made that abundantly clear. Uh, but no, thank you.
We might be looking at the Fuentes brothers' first victims.	maybe they're the first victims of the Fuentes brothers.
maybe they're the first victims of the Fuentes brothers.	We might be looking at the Fuentes brothers' first victims.
Girls today take things much more in their stride.	today's girls deal with it better.
today's girls deal with it better.	Girls today take things much more in their stride.
He then settled in the Avon Valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the Darling Range .	He moved to the Avon Valley , which was a remote valley , in the Darling Range .
He moved to the Avon Valley , which was a remote valley , in the Darling Range .	He then settled in the Avon Valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the Darling Range .
In my opinion it is fine.	I see nothing wrong with it!
I see nothing wrong with it!	In my opinion it is fine.
The post-war years saw a widespread consolidation of the paper clip as a national symbol .	After the war , Norway believed the paper clip was a national symbol .
After the war , Norway believed the paper clip was a national symbol .	The post-war years saw a widespread consolidation of the paper clip as a national symbol .
Convection was also slow to build in , with little banding at first .	Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .
Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .	Convection was also slow to build in , with little banding at first .
If disabling the program resolves the issue you're experiencing, then most likely the software is causing the problem.	if the shutdown of the problem is resolved, the software is the most likely cause of the problem.
if the shutdown of the problem is resolved, the software is the most likely cause of the problem.	If disabling the program resolves the issue you're experiencing, then most likely the software is causing the problem.
Just ask her and be confident.	Be confident in your identity.
Be confident in your identity.	Just ask her and be confident.
I just don't see it that Madam Red is actually Ciel's aunt.	It's just hard to believe that she's Ciel's late mother's sister.
It's just hard to believe that she's Ciel's late mother's sister.	I just don't see it that Madam Red is actually Ciel's aunt.
The declaration took no one in the room by surprise.	his words did not surprise anyone in the room.
his words did not surprise anyone in the room.	The declaration took no one in the room by surprise.
Another week of falling temperatures, and it would be snowing.	if it gets colder for a week, snow will come.
if it gets colder for a week, snow will come.	Another week of falling temperatures, and it would be snowing.
Not knee high boots, but high heeled boots and a skirt. I think that would look nice.	not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt thats sweet
not boot boots but it is high heel boots and a skirt thats sweet	Not knee high boots, but high heeled boots and a skirt. I think that would look nice.
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute	Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
They were married on June 28 , 1919 and lived in her mother 's home .	After the War ended , they married on June 28 , 1919 .
After the War ended , they married on June 28 , 1919 .	They were married on June 28 , 1919 and lived in her mother 's home .
'None of what happened was this man's fault.	this guy can't blame what happened here.
this guy can't blame what happened here.	'None of what happened was this man's fault.
Inverness , Florida was established in 1889 .	Inverness is a city of Florida in the United States .
Inverness is a city of Florida in the United States .	Inverness , Florida was established in 1889 .
You can't get that kind of effect with a digital camera really.	with a digital camera, you'll never reach that effect.
with a digital camera, you'll never reach that effect.	You can't get that kind of effect with a digital camera really.
I think the fact that you called him means it would be appropriate to see him.	i think the fact that you called him means that your ok to see him.
i think the fact that you called him means that your ok to see him.	I think the fact that you called him means it would be appropriate to see him.
Soon after , Barbossa and the crew became cursed after stealing coins from an ancient Aztec chest .	He and his crew became cursed after stealing a chest of cursed Aztec gold .
He and his crew became cursed after stealing a chest of cursed Aztec gold .	Soon after , Barbossa and the crew became cursed after stealing coins from an ancient Aztec chest .
The information that the accompanying document shall include should be laid down in order to verify the origin.	it is necessary to lay down what data must be supplied for the control of the origin of the accompanying document.
it is necessary to lay down what data must be supplied for the control of the origin of the accompanying document.	The information that the accompanying document shall include should be laid down in order to verify the origin.
The romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian is the representation of the Ukrainian language using Latin letters .	Romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian refers to a system for showing the Ukrainian letter in Latin letters .
Romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian refers to a system for showing the Ukrainian letter in Latin letters .	The romanization or Latinization of Ukrainian is the representation of the Ukrainian language using Latin letters .
The bench warmers were having macaroni and cheese. (I understand I messed up that line).	benchwarmers as well aww yes were having macaroni and cheese awsome(i know i butchered that line but oh well)
benchwarmers as well aww yes were having macaroni and cheese awsome(i know i butchered that line but oh well)	The bench warmers were having macaroni and cheese. (I understand I messed up that line).
You should reinstall DirectX to get the latest version.	install the latest version of DirectX.
install the latest version of DirectX.	You should reinstall DirectX to get the latest version.
Johnny is a bad actor, but it is a nightmare when he dies.	nightmare because johnny dies, he is such a BAD actor!
nightmare because johnny dies, he is such a BAD actor!	Johnny is a bad actor, but it is a nightmare when he dies.
Any chance of talking him out of it?	can we talk him out of this?
can we talk him out of this?	Any chance of talking him out of it?
After you're convicted, the family of the victim sentences you.	when you are convicted, the victim's family will impose a sentence on you.
when you are convicted, the victim's family will impose a sentence on you.	After you're convicted, the family of the victim sentences you.
I wouldn't say that. Yeah, you did, this morning in Kmart.	but, uh, at Kmart this morning.
but, uh, at Kmart this morning.	I wouldn't say that. Yeah, you did, this morning in Kmart.
Weizmann was also a chemist who developed the ABE-process which produces acetone through bacterial fermentation .	Weizmann was also a chemist who made a new way of making acetone using bacteria .
Weizmann was also a chemist who made a new way of making acetone using bacteria .	Weizmann was also a chemist who developed the ABE-process which produces acetone through bacterial fermentation .
It is all dark and horrid to me, for I can remember nothing.	I don't remember anything about all I have was a feeling of darkness and horror.
I don't remember anything about all I have was a feeling of darkness and horror.	It is all dark and horrid to me, for I can remember nothing.
The 14 generators in the north side of the dam have already been installed .	The 14 main generators on the north side were installed from 2003 to 2005 .
The 14 main generators on the north side were installed from 2003 to 2005 .	The 14 generators in the north side of the dam have already been installed .
The Corsa was known in the UK market as the Vauxhall Nova .	In the United Kingdom it is called the Vauxhall Corsa .
In the United Kingdom it is called the Vauxhall Corsa .	The Corsa was known in the UK market as the Vauxhall Nova .
Donadel is a youth product of Milan .	Marco Donadel is an Italian football player .
Marco Donadel is an Italian football player .	Donadel is a youth product of Milan .
i local searched and searched it on the web but came up with zip	I did a local search on the web but it still came up with nothing.
I did a local search on the web but it still came up with nothing.	i local searched and searched it on the web but came up with zip
Why did she call him instead of the other way around?	I dont get him I thought guys were supposed to call girls.
I dont get him I thought guys were supposed to call girls.	Why did she call him instead of the other way around?
India census , Faizabad had a population of 144,924 .	The population of Faizabad city is 144,924 as per 2001 census .
The population of Faizabad city is 144,924 as per 2001 census .	India census , Faizabad had a population of 144,924 .
At every level, what is needed are network tariffs that encourage private investment.	network charges for supporting private investment are needed at all levels.
network charges for supporting private investment are needed at all levels.	At every level, what is needed are network tariffs that encourage private investment.
Where studies are made of placebos in which people think they are receiving actual treatment the placebo effect has been observed .	Whether or not there is a placebo effect , use of placebos will remain an important technique .
Whether or not there is a placebo effect , use of placebos will remain an important technique .	Where studies are made of placebos in which people think they are receiving actual treatment the placebo effect has been observed .
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.	Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.	Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
The simpler Newton 's law of universal gravitation provides an accurate approximation for most calculations .	The combination of Newton 's laws of motion and gravitation provide the fullest and most accurate description of classical mechanics .
The combination of Newton 's laws of motion and gravitation provide the fullest and most accurate description of classical mechanics .	The simpler Newton 's law of universal gravitation provides an accurate approximation for most calculations .
A skier falls down a hill.	A skier goes down a slope.
A skier goes down a slope.	A skier falls down a hill.
Once closed , the IP address should be unblocked .	However , IP addresses should almost never be indefinitely blocked .
However , IP addresses should almost never be indefinitely blocked .	Once closed , the IP address should be unblocked .
i watched that show after school too!	oh yeah I watched that after school
oh yeah I watched that after school	i watched that show after school too!
It's not entirely clear to me yet," replied Dirk with a frown.	I don't know exactly," said Dirk, frowning.
I don't know exactly," said Dirk, frowning.	It's not entirely clear to me yet," replied Dirk with a frown.
A woman is slicing some vegetables.	The woman is dicing garlic.
The woman is dicing garlic.	A woman is slicing some vegetables.
After reading The Devil's Metal, I can safely say she is one of my favorite authors.	The Devil's Metal most definitely meet my expectations and more!
The Devil's Metal most definitely meet my expectations and more!	After reading The Devil's Metal, I can safely say she is one of my favorite authors.
Someone smart and not so smart.	Some smart some not so smart.
Some smart some not so smart.	Someone smart and not so smart.
Dana White serves as the president of the UFC and Zuffa , LLC owns the company .	The UFC is headquartered in Las Vegas , Nevada and is owned and operated by Zuffa , LLC .
The UFC is headquartered in Las Vegas , Nevada and is owned and operated by Zuffa , LLC .	Dana White serves as the president of the UFC and Zuffa , LLC owns the company .
These are called organic solvents .	This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .	These are called organic solvents .
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.	A kid plays the guitar.
A kid plays the guitar.	A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
A man in a group of protesters yelling into a microphone.	people are protesting with whistles and megaphones.
people are protesting with whistles and megaphones.	A man in a group of protesters yelling into a microphone.
Women could also need active support from various authorities in order to gain access to new technologies.	women's access to new technologies sometimes requires active support for various government and administrative levels.
women's access to new technologies sometimes requires active support for various government and administrative levels.	Women could also need active support from various authorities in order to gain access to new technologies.
The following indications may be added as required in accordance with local tradition:	depending on the local tradition, the optional subject may be supplemented by the following:
depending on the local tradition, the optional subject may be supplemented by the following:	The following indications may be added as required in accordance with local tradition:
She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 who both proceeded to write a weekly fashion column , Ready to Wear .	She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 at a party and wrote about fashion in a newspaper called The Telegraph .
She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 at a party and wrote about fashion in a newspaper called The Telegraph .	She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 who both proceeded to write a weekly fashion column , Ready to Wear .
You phone the cops? -No, I didn't phone the cops.	did you call the police?
did you call the police?	You phone the cops? -No, I didn't phone the cops.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
Thus, the different practices noted between countries have not been addressed by the Commission.	therefore, the Commission failed to address the different practices recorded in each country.
therefore, the Commission failed to address the different practices recorded in each country.	Thus, the different practices noted between countries have not been addressed by the Commission.
Implementation of the action plans is progressing.	it is continuing to implement the Action Plan.
it is continuing to implement the Action Plan.	Implementation of the action plans is progressing.
@realDonaldTrump your directness & honesty has moved you to the top of my list 4 #President2016! #TRUMPTRUTH	@realDonaldTrump WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain	@realDonaldTrump your directness & honesty has moved you to the top of my list 4 #President2016! #TRUMPTRUTH
Won the state's science fair the last two years.	he's twice won the state scientific competition.
he's twice won the state scientific competition.	Won the state's science fair the last two years.
The wedding is in April. The colors are lavender and white, with fresh cut flowers in huge vases on the head table.	colors lavendar/white wedding in april fresh cut flowers in huge vases on head table.
colors lavendar/white wedding in april fresh cut flowers in huge vases on head table.	The wedding is in April. The colors are lavender and white, with fresh cut flowers in huge vases on the head table.
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144	Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
Coordination among the relevant stakeholders shall be encouraged by the Commission.	the Commission supports coordination between interested parties.
the Commission supports coordination between interested parties.	Coordination among the relevant stakeholders shall be encouraged by the Commission.
Accordingly the modern study of marine and freshwater algae is called either phycology or algology .	Phycology includes the study of prokaryotic forms known as blue-green algae or cyanobacteria .
Phycology includes the study of prokaryotic forms known as blue-green algae or cyanobacteria .	Accordingly the modern study of marine and freshwater algae is called either phycology or algology .
The population was 337 at the 2000 census .	337 people were living in Arpin as of 2000 .
337 people were living in Arpin as of 2000 .	The population was 337 at the 2000 census .
It will be two days before we reach the witches.	we'll reach the witches in two days.
we'll reach the witches in two days.	It will be two days before we reach the witches.
Her concert debut , a classical piano recital , was made at the age of twelve .	He made his public debut on the piano with his parents , at the age of seven .
He made his public debut on the piano with his parents , at the age of seven .	Her concert debut , a classical piano recital , was made at the age of twelve .
Both were produced by John Gilliland .	John Gilliland made both documentaries .
John Gilliland made both documentaries .	Both were produced by John Gilliland .
well u can try some p2p softwares like limewire .	dude use some P2P software like winmx or limewire
dude use some P2P software like winmx or limewire	well u can try some p2p softwares like limewire .
If you're thinking that this would create a slow, boring plot, I'm sad to say that you're mostly correct.	It's almost as if the author got bored and couldn't be bothered writing anything more.
It's almost as if the author got bored and couldn't be bothered writing anything more.	If you're thinking that this would create a slow, boring plot, I'm sad to say that you're mostly correct.
Each segment that has two pairs of legs is a result of two single segments fused together as one .	Except for the first few segments , each segment has 2 pairs of legs .
Except for the first few segments , each segment has 2 pairs of legs .	Each segment that has two pairs of legs is a result of two single segments fused together as one .
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window.
Two cats are looking at a window.	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Tell him to go to the local strip club.	Visit a strip club and/or acquire a prostitute.
Visit a strip club and/or acquire a prostitute.	Tell him to go to the local strip club.
We did not get to know each other before.	didn't get to know eachother before hand.
didn't get to know eachother before hand.	We did not get to know each other before.
The flute is Mother. The sword is Father.	my mother's flute and my father's knife.
my mother's flute and my father's knife.	The flute is Mother. The sword is Father.
You're not going to make any trouble, are you?	you don't want to be in trouble, do you?
you don't want to be in trouble, do you?	You're not going to make any trouble, are you?
Males have a black scent patch on each of the hind wings .	The male has a black patch on his hind wing .
The male has a black patch on his hind wing .	Males have a black scent patch on each of the hind wings .
Look it up in the dictionary.	Search in a Latin dictionary.
Search in a Latin dictionary.	Look it up in the dictionary.
There was a witness. What, did you forget about her?	the witness was there, remember?
the witness was there, remember?	There was a witness. What, did you forget about her?
Ask a plastic surgeon if it is possible to make one.	ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you.
ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you.	Ask a plastic surgeon if it is possible to make one.
We already said everything we needed to say.	we've said everything we should have said.
we've said everything we should have said.	We already said everything we needed to say.
Outside of the electronics industry there is often ambiguity between the terms tower and mast .	A tower is a self-supporting or cantilevered structure , while a mast is held up by stays or guys .
A tower is a self-supporting or cantilevered structure , while a mast is held up by stays or guys .	Outside of the electronics industry there is often ambiguity between the terms tower and mast .
Its American operations were merged with Capitol Records in 2007 to create the Capitol Music Group .	In 2006 , they came together with Capitol Records to become Capitol Music Group .
In 2006 , they came together with Capitol Records to become Capitol Music Group .	Its American operations were merged with Capitol Records in 2007 to create the Capitol Music Group .
The board doesn't need your votes to pass this.	the council will approve this without your votes.
the council will approve this without your votes.	The board doesn't need your votes to pass this.
Seriously, do not get the toothpaste.	serisly do not the toothpaste get dr. skip
serisly do not the toothpaste get dr. skip	Seriously, do not get the toothpaste.
Have you any desire to be wed?	Do you want to get married??
Do you want to get married??	Have you any desire to be wed?
Risk no distractions when you played this dangerous game.	in such a dangerous game, any distractions are intolerable.
in such a dangerous game, any distractions are intolerable.	Risk no distractions when you played this dangerous game.
From to the present , the Braves have played in Turner Field .	The Braves ' home stadium is Turner Field where they have been playing at since 1997 .
The Braves ' home stadium is Turner Field where they have been playing at since 1997 .	From to the present , the Braves have played in Turner Field .
Any additional instructions from the respective equipment manufacturer must also be strictly adhered to.	strictly also, follow any further instructions of the manufacturer of the equipment used.
strictly also, follow any further instructions of the manufacturer of the equipment used.	Any additional instructions from the respective equipment manufacturer must also be strictly adhered to.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.	Brown and black dog tussle on grass.
Brown and black dog tussle on grass.	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
This is followed by a second phase, carried out by the European Commission, in which the application criteria are checked and verified.	the second phase of the review and verification of the criteria applied by the European Commission is followed.
the second phase of the review and verification of the criteria applied by the European Commission is followed.	This is followed by a second phase, carried out by the European Commission, in which the application criteria are checked and verified.
It has two other little river help one is Thadho and other is Sukhan .	Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir , the Thadho and the Sukhan .
Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir , the Thadho and the Sukhan .	It has two other little river help one is Thadho and other is Sukhan .
Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear filtering function .	One approach to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .
One approach to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .	Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear filtering function .
for me, pinoy big brother is one of the best realiry tv shows.=)	The reality show Big Brother is one of my favorite TV shows.
The reality show Big Brother is one of my favorite TV shows.	for me, pinoy big brother is one of the best realiry tv shows.=)
I admire how real and unapologetic Donald Trump is on his Political standpoints	@realDonaldTrump had a point and one the liberal media won't dare come close to! We have a fragile and wide open border!
@realDonaldTrump had a point and one the liberal media won't dare come close to! We have a fragile and wide open border!	I admire how real and unapologetic Donald Trump is on his Political standpoints
I would highly recommend any of her books!	In sum, I would recommend this book.
In sum, I would recommend this book.	I would highly recommend any of her books!
One of the best Discworld books.	One of my favourite Discworld books.
One of my favourite Discworld books.	One of the best Discworld books.
Try getting him intoxicated before you decide.	Get him drunk and see what he is like.
Get him drunk and see what he is like.	Try getting him intoxicated before you decide.
Disreputable men, disreputable men. What are you going to do? What are you going to do when they come for you?	(Chorus) Bad boys, bad boys, whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they come for you.
(Chorus) Bad boys, bad boys, whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they come for you.	Disreputable men, disreputable men. What are you going to do? What are you going to do when they come for you?
After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.	I have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want this in my marriage.
I have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want this in my marriage.	After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.
Did they expect her to be harboring a major military force?	are they expecting an army hidden somewhere?
are they expecting an army hidden somewhere?	Did they expect her to be harboring a major military force?
You had first written out your sentence the wrong way.	he wrote the sentence backwards!
he wrote the sentence backwards!	You had first written out your sentence the wrong way.
I didn't care about the characters or the story until the last 50 pages.	But up until the last few chapters I struggled to get through it.
But up until the last few chapters I struggled to get through it.	I didn't care about the characters or the story until the last 50 pages.
Each entry has a datum - a copy of the same datum in some backing store .	Each entry holds a datum which is a copy of a datum in another place .
Each entry holds a datum which is a copy of a datum in another place .	Each entry has a datum - a copy of the same datum in some backing store .
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.	Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
6 months of telling you Tomahawk stories.	I told you about Tomahawk six months ago.
I told you about Tomahawk six months ago.	6 months of telling you Tomahawk stories.
First he stayed with Winry but ran off FMA FOREVER	In the beginning he stayed with Winry causing FMA to leave permanently.
In the beginning he stayed with Winry causing FMA to leave permanently.	First he stayed with Winry but ran off FMA FOREVER
@realDonaldTrump first time voting and I'm definitely voting for Trump	@realDonaldTrump Just registered to Vote Today so I can contribute to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Honesty
@realDonaldTrump Just registered to Vote Today so I can contribute to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Honesty	@realDonaldTrump first time voting and I'm definitely voting for Trump
Anyway... ...morning of the third day, they let him out.	the third day of the morning was released.
the third day of the morning was released.	Anyway... ...morning of the third day, they let him out.
Oh yea pick mine as the best answer	Are you going to pick mine as the bes?
Are you going to pick mine as the bes?	Oh yea pick mine as the best answer
Insights into Curran's POV during the first three books.	Some nice excerpts in Currans POV.
Some nice excerpts in Currans POV.	Insights into Curran's POV during the first three books.
Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn.	Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background.
Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background.	Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn.
For recipes requiring whole cardamom pods , a generally accepted equivalent is 10 pods equals 1 1/2 teaspoons of ground cardamom .	That way , ten pods is about the same quantity as one and a half teaspoons of ground cardamom .
That way , ten pods is about the same quantity as one and a half teaspoons of ground cardamom .	For recipes requiring whole cardamom pods , a generally accepted equivalent is 10 pods equals 1 1/2 teaspoons of ground cardamom .
She had the breeders shipped over in those special containers from Japan.	they came from Japan in a special container.
they came from Japan in a special container.	She had the breeders shipped over in those special containers from Japan.
On average, I'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.	On average I say three times a week, you do the math.
On average I say three times a week, you do the math.	On average, I'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.
I do not mean to offend, however these girls are representative of the type I strongly dislike.	I am sorry but these are the kind of girls i hate!!!
I am sorry but these are the kind of girls i hate!!!	I do not mean to offend, however these girls are representative of the type I strongly dislike.
it's called kidnapping a movie star, you know?	You justkidnapped a movie star, you got that?
You justkidnapped a movie star, you got that?	it's called kidnapping a movie star, you know?
Living room or den with large screen television.	Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.	Living room or den with large screen television.
A spa town - or simply a spa - is a town situated around a mineral spa .	A spa town , or simply spa , is a town that many people go to for health reasons .
A spa town , or simply spa , is a town that many people go to for health reasons .	A spa town - or simply a spa - is a town situated around a mineral spa .
maybe you can search google or some other search engine	Go to a search engine such as Yahoo, Google, ect.
Go to a search engine such as Yahoo, Google, ect.	maybe you can search google or some other search engine
Another great book in the Arcane Society series .	I highly recommend this book and look forward to the next installment of the Arcane Society Series.
I highly recommend this book and look forward to the next installment of the Arcane Society Series.	Another great book in the Arcane Society series .
There's a war out there, old friend, a world war.	the world is in war, my friend.
the world is in war, my friend.	There's a war out there, old friend, a world war.
The energy spectrum of a system with energy levels is said to be quantized .	In other words , the energy spectrum can be quantized .
In other words , the energy spectrum can be quantized .	The energy spectrum of a system with energy levels is said to be quantized .
A human riding a skateboard.	A child is riding a skateboard.
A child is riding a skateboard.	A human riding a skateboard.
I have some ideas, but what are some of yours?	idk... i've got a general idea, i just wanna know what you guys know
idk... i've got a general idea, i just wanna know what you guys know	I have some ideas, but what are some of yours?
Fable II is an action role-playing game developed by Lionhead and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 .	Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame released for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 console in 2008 .
Fable II is a fantasy role-playing videogame released for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 console in 2008 .	Fable II is an action role-playing game developed by Lionhead and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Xbox 360 .
That's why we'd like the assistance from Pakistani intelligence.	and that is why we need the help of Pakistan's Secret Service.
and that is why we need the help of Pakistan's Secret Service.	That's why we'd like the assistance from Pakistani intelligence.
the treaty was first signed in 1990.	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.	the treaty was first signed in 1990.
If you do not comply it has problems written all over it.	if you don't then that just has problems written all over it.
if you don't then that just has problems written all over it.	If you do not comply it has problems written all over it.
Some statistical surveys were recently carried out into this phenomenon.	this phenomenon has recently been the subject of a statistical investigation.
this phenomenon has recently been the subject of a statistical investigation.	Some statistical surveys were recently carried out into this phenomenon.
At birth he was named either Nero Claudius Drusus after his father or Tiberius Claudius Nero after his uncle .	He was the son of the general Nero Claudius Drusus , and nephew of Emperor Tiberius .
He was the son of the general Nero Claudius Drusus , and nephew of Emperor Tiberius .	At birth he was named either Nero Claudius Drusus after his father or Tiberius Claudius Nero after his uncle .
on average, though, i'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.	More or Less that once or twice a week. It depends on the couple.
More or Less that once or twice a week. It depends on the couple.	on average, though, i'd say once or twice a week, sometimes more.
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani	4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China	6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:	in the event of a positive response to the first question:
in the event of a positive response to the first question:	If the answer to Question 1 is in the affirmative:
Zakynthos is a city in western Greece .	Zakynthos is the capital of Zakynthos island .
Zakynthos is the capital of Zakynthos island .	Zakynthos is a city in western Greece .
There are nine recent subspecies of tiger , two of which are extinct .	The tiger has 6 living subspecies , and 3 extinct subspecies .
The tiger has 6 living subspecies , and 3 extinct subspecies .	There are nine recent subspecies of tiger , two of which are extinct .
There were no damage or fatalities as a result of Irene .	Also , Irene did not cause any bad damage .
Also , Irene did not cause any bad damage .	There were no damage or fatalities as a result of Irene .
Her husband has been acting strangely, so I should do some research on these strange phone numbers.	I notice strange phone numbers on his phone often but he says it is work-related.
I notice strange phone numbers on his phone often but he says it is work-related.	Her husband has been acting strangely, so I should do some research on these strange phone numbers.
I really enjoyed Jessica Day George's portrayal of Creel and her world.	I really like Jessica Day George's style of writing.
I really like Jessica Day George's style of writing.	I really enjoyed Jessica Day George's portrayal of Creel and her world.
It's got meals, gas, hotel rates, tolls along the route.	it contains stops to eat, petrol, hotel prices, all the way.
it contains stops to eat, petrol, hotel prices, all the way.	It's got meals, gas, hotel rates, tolls along the route.
This is the largest distance between any two points on the circle .	All points on the circle are at the same distance from the center .
All points on the circle are at the same distance from the center .	This is the largest distance between any two points on the circle .
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.	This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.
A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor with an optimized architecture for the fast operational needs of digital signal processing .	A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing , generally used in real-time computing .
A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing , generally used in real-time computing .	A digital signal processor is a specialized microprocessor with an optimized architecture for the fast operational needs of digital signal processing .
In a small number of people, allergic reactions can develop into a more serious, even life-threatening problem if not treated.	if this condition is not cured, allergic reactions may be severe in a small number of patients when life is threatening.
if this condition is not cured, allergic reactions may be severe in a small number of patients when life is threatening.	In a small number of people, allergic reactions can develop into a more serious, even life-threatening problem if not treated.
It's easy to find solutions given the answer, neh?	if you know the answer, the solution is easy, doesn't it?
if you know the answer, the solution is easy, doesn't it?	It's easy to find solutions given the answer, neh?
Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.	he stole the Tullyns, rotting in their dungeons.
he stole the Tullyns, rotting in their dungeons.	Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.
Wonderful retelling of the Nordic tale "East of the Sun, West of the Moon".	A retelling of a Nordic Fairy Tale, it was delightful to learn more about the culture.
A retelling of a Nordic Fairy Tale, it was delightful to learn more about the culture.	Wonderful retelling of the Nordic tale "East of the Sun, West of the Moon".
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.	The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.	DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech.	But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
the king is coming to visit a duke or something.	Oh, it's just some Duke or other who's visiting the King.
Oh, it's just some Duke or other who's visiting the King.	the king is coming to visit a duke or something.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.	Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth.	A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open.
A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open.	A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth.
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan	NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Dry ginger ale is also sold with a mint flavoring added .	Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .	Dry ginger ale is also sold with a mint flavoring added .
The WWF wrestlers cleared the ring but then were stormed by the ECW wrestlers and taken out .	The WWF wrestlers then came into the ring and , before ECW entered , the WCW and WWF wrestlers started to brawl .
The WWF wrestlers then came into the ring and , before ECW entered , the WCW and WWF wrestlers started to brawl .	The WWF wrestlers cleared the ring but then were stormed by the ECW wrestlers and taken out .
This involved even death for Christians such as Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .	That was the case with Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .
That was the case with Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .	This involved even death for Christians such as Stephen and James , son of Zebedee .
The human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can reach .	They fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could .
They fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could .	The human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can reach .
Necklace of Raindrops" by Margaret Stohl was my favorite of the entire book.	3) Necklace of Raindrops by Margaret Stohl I gave this one a 4/5.
3) Necklace of Raindrops by Margaret Stohl I gave this one a 4/5.	Necklace of Raindrops" by Margaret Stohl was my favorite of the entire book.
At the start , the Goddess of Nonsense chooses a mate from a series of suitors along the River Styx .	It takes place along the River Styx and starts with the Goddess of Nonsense wanting a husband .
It takes place along the River Styx and starts with the Goddess of Nonsense wanting a husband .	At the start , the Goddess of Nonsense chooses a mate from a series of suitors along the River Styx .
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
And it doesn't help Dale's wife is suing us.	and Dave's wife's lawsuit isn't helping either.
and Dave's wife's lawsuit isn't helping either.	And it doesn't help Dale's wife is suing us.
Applications of cryptography include ATM cards , computer passwords , and electronic commerce .	Things that use cryptography include keeping information secret on bank cards , computer passwords , and the internet .
Things that use cryptography include keeping information secret on bank cards , computer passwords , and the internet .	Applications of cryptography include ATM cards , computer passwords , and electronic commerce .
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.	A man is putting papers on a dish.
A man is putting papers on a dish.	A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
You've just got the oil but you haven't got a lampwick	you have oil there, but you don't have a wick.
you have oil there, but you don't have a wick.	You've just got the oil but you haven't got a lampwick
These are some of the characters appearing in Pingu .	Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu .
Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu .	These are some of the characters appearing in Pingu .
I'm going to be conducting your interrogation from here on out.	from now on, I'll be conducting your interview.
from now on, I'll be conducting your interview.	I'm going to be conducting your interrogation from here on out.
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.	jockeys racing horses at high speed
jockeys racing horses at high speed	Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.
Kids playing ball outside in front of building.	Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors.
Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors.	Kids playing ball outside in front of building.
Dispatch, we're looking at a possible homicide. Requesting backup.	we got probable murder. Request backup.
we got probable murder. Request backup.	Dispatch, we're looking at a possible homicide. Requesting backup.
Quite a fascinating Young Adult novel by Sophie Littlefield.	Sophie Littlefield is one of my favorite new authors.
Sophie Littlefield is one of my favorite new authors.	Quite a fascinating Young Adult novel by Sophie Littlefield.
There is a need to support local authorities in adopting these management techniques.	the adoption of these procedures should be supported by local authorities.
the adoption of these procedures should be supported by local authorities.	There is a need to support local authorities in adopting these management techniques.
The Sea Witch by Marissa Meyer gets 4.5/5 stars.	My favorite Story was the one by Marissa Meyer.
My favorite Story was the one by Marissa Meyer.	The Sea Witch by Marissa Meyer gets 4.5/5 stars.
Therefore I said that we should just remain friends.	So I told him that we should be friends.
So I told him that we should be friends.	Therefore I said that we should just remain friends.
Wind and lake wind advisories were posted in parts of Georgia .	A wind advisory was sent out for parts of Georgia .
A wind advisory was sent out for parts of Georgia .	Wind and lake wind advisories were posted in parts of Georgia .
They're looking at each other!	Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!	They're looking at each other!
A shirtless man of perhaps fifty sits crosslegged on top of an empty ammunition box.	on an empty box of ammo sits about a 50-year-old man with no shirt.
on an empty box of ammo sits about a 50-year-old man with no shirt.	A shirtless man of perhaps fifty sits crosslegged on top of an empty ammunition box.
After the ceremony, Elizabeth and Darcy head to Europe for their honeymoon.	This Pride and Prejudice story describes the torment of Darcy on his marriage to Elizabeth as they travel through Europe on their honeymoon.
This Pride and Prejudice story describes the torment of Darcy on his marriage to Elizabeth as they travel through Europe on their honeymoon.	After the ceremony, Elizabeth and Darcy head to Europe for their honeymoon.
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal	US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.	Two people on a beach sitting underneath a colorful umbrella.
Two people on a beach sitting underneath a colorful umbrella.	A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.
He occasionally gave recitals during chess tournaments , often accompanied by fellow Grandmaster and concert pianist Mark Taimanov .	His baritone singing , and fellow grandmaster Taimanov 's piano recitals , were evening events at many major chess tournaments .
His baritone singing , and fellow grandmaster Taimanov 's piano recitals , were evening events at many major chess tournaments .	He occasionally gave recitals during chess tournaments , often accompanied by fellow Grandmaster and concert pianist Mark Taimanov .
I am an Aquarius, but thank you for the points.	I thank you for giving me the points!
I thank you for giving me the points!	I am an Aquarius, but thank you for the points.
However , recently Jewish people have resumed using sepia for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .	However , there is an increased amount of Jews in modern times using the ink for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .
However , there is an increased amount of Jews in modern times using the ink for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .	However , recently Jewish people have resumed using sepia for the techelet dye on their Tallit strings .
So go and dance with your thunder and lightning	then take your thunder and dance
then take your thunder and dance	So go and dance with your thunder and lightning
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park.	A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.	The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park.
Maybe because they just do not have any sense and do not realize what they have until it is gone.	maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL THERE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Maybe because they just do not have any sense and do not realize what they have until it is gone.
Jesus, Maya, this is everything that we talked about.	geez, Maya, we've dealt with it.
geez, Maya, we've dealt with it.	Jesus, Maya, this is everything that we talked about.
There has to be some way to identify the body.	the body must somehow identify.
the body must somehow identify.	There has to be some way to identify the body.
Use the E-mail Accounts command on the Tools menu to add and configure the Personal Address Book information service.	install a personal directory information service using an E-mail account in the Tools menu.
install a personal directory information service using an E-mail account in the Tools menu.	Use the E-mail Accounts command on the Tools menu to add and configure the Personal Address Book information service.
Selena is the debut album by Selena y Los Dinos under the EMI Latin label .	Selena Y Los Dinos , were also the very first group , to be signed with EMI Latin .
Selena Y Los Dinos , were also the very first group , to be signed with EMI Latin .	Selena is the debut album by Selena y Los Dinos under the EMI Latin label .
Christopher Stephen `` Chris '' Grayling is a British politician .	Christopher Stephen Grayling is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions .
Christopher Stephen Grayling is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions .	Christopher Stephen `` Chris '' Grayling is a British politician .
Thus it became generally accepted that incubi and succubi were the same demon , but able to switch between male and female forms .	Incubi and succubi were said by some not to be different sexes , but the same demon able to change its sex .
Incubi and succubi were said by some not to be different sexes , but the same demon able to change its sex .	Thus it became generally accepted that incubi and succubi were the same demon , but able to switch between male and female forms .
Please help me. Also, respond genuinely, as this is very serious to me.	pls help me... PS: give me geniune replies...this is very much serious to me.
pls help me... PS: give me geniune replies...this is very much serious to me.	Please help me. Also, respond genuinely, as this is very serious to me.
The old Soviet Union built submarine pens here in the 80s.	there were submarines in the Soviet Union in the 1980s.
there were submarines in the Soviet Union in the 1980s.	The old Soviet Union built submarine pens here in the 80s.
Sylvain Reynard has another incredible novel in The Shadow.	The Shadow is Sylvain Reynard's second book in The Florentine Series.
The Shadow is Sylvain Reynard's second book in The Florentine Series.	Sylvain Reynard has another incredible novel in The Shadow.
Come evening, you'll get a ration of liquor.	you'll get your spirits rations on an evening meal.
you'll get your spirits rations on an evening meal.	Come evening, you'll get a ration of liquor.
the why did they ever break up golden couple: Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt	I feel sorry for Jennifer Aniston, because Anglina Jolie stole Brad Pitt from her.
I feel sorry for Jennifer Aniston, because Anglina Jolie stole Brad Pitt from her.	the why did they ever break up golden couple: Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt
The Shetland Sheepdog is an outstanding companion dog and is intensely loyal .	A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands .
A Shetland Sheepdog is a kind of small dog whose ancestors came from the Shetland Islands .	The Shetland Sheepdog is an outstanding companion dog and is intensely loyal .
It's the sort of thing an insane woman would do.	and such things should be done by crazy women.
and such things should be done by crazy women.	It's the sort of thing an insane woman would do.
@realDonaldTrump Is the only one that says the truth straight up. No spin, and he constantly stands up for what he believes!	@realDonaldTrump keep it up Mr Trump-when the Dems and Repubs are attacking-you know your doing it right! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump keep it up Mr Trump-when the Dems and Repubs are attacking-you know your doing it right! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain	@realDonaldTrump Is the only one that says the truth straight up. No spin, and he constantly stands up for what he believes!
look in magizines and fill out a conteset form and hope that u win!	I filled out a contest form from a magazine and I hope I win!
I filled out a contest form from a magazine and I hope I win!	look in magizines and fill out a conteset form and hope that u win!
Is there anything special you'd like to do?	do you have something special to do?
do you have something special to do?	Is there anything special you'd like to do?
I have no inclination, however, I did put in a lot of effort and feel I should be voted as "best answer", humorously.	no idea but i tried so i deserve to be voted as best answer lmao
no idea but i tried so i deserve to be voted as best answer lmao	I have no inclination, however, I did put in a lot of effort and feel I should be voted as "best answer", humorously.
Jean Picker Firstenberg was President and CEO from 1980 to 2007 .	Since 1980 , Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO .
Since 1980 , Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO .	Jean Picker Firstenberg was President and CEO from 1980 to 2007 .
The King supports him too , and the Knight and Elsa enter the church together .	The King , the Knight , Elsa and her attendants are about to go into the church .
The King , the Knight , Elsa and her attendants are about to go into the church .	The King supports him too , and the Knight and Elsa enter the church together .
A hockey goalie tries to save the puck from going into the net.	A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game.
A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game.	A hockey goalie tries to save the puck from going into the net.
Jonathan Toews , captain of the Chicago Blackhawks , is the third-youngest player to be named permanent captain of a team in NHL history .	Jonathan Toews is a Canadian professional ice hockey center and team captain for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
Jonathan Toews is a Canadian professional ice hockey center and team captain for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .	Jonathan Toews , captain of the Chicago Blackhawks , is the third-youngest player to be named permanent captain of a team in NHL history .
The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education .	The United States Secretary of Education deals with Education policy .
The United States Secretary of Education deals with Education policy .	The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education .
Defeated , Nick sinks into the ground , condemning Tom to insanity as he goes .	Nick has lost , and sinks into the ground , telling Tom that he is going mad .
Nick has lost , and sinks into the ground , telling Tom that he is going mad .	Defeated , Nick sinks into the ground , condemning Tom to insanity as he goes .
basicaly the reality you thought was just a fantasy	Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land, not reality.
Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land, not reality.	basicaly the reality you thought was just a fantasy
There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking	Move on friend, there are plenty of fish in the sea.
Move on friend, there are plenty of fish in the sea.	There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.	Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
We've taken a little break," Fenwick told him.	we took a minor break," he said.
we took a minor break," he said.	We've taken a little break," Fenwick told him.
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .	Ami and Julie soon followed , even though they had tried to vote off Chris .
Ami and Julie soon followed , even though they had tried to vote off Chris .	Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .
Now I cant wait for the last one.	Can't wait for the last book in this series.
Can't wait for the last book in this series.	Now I cant wait for the last one.
I liked Finnikin of the Rock -- but I am absolutely obsessed with Froi of the Exiles.	Froi of the Exiles was as epic as Finnikin of the Rock but a whole different experience!
Froi of the Exiles was as epic as Finnikin of the Rock but a whole different experience!	I liked Finnikin of the Rock -- but I am absolutely obsessed with Froi of the Exiles.
This is the first book by this author I have read and I want to read more from her.	I couldn't put this book down!
I couldn't put this book down!	This is the first book by this author I have read and I want to read more from her.
There is, in this power of destruction... also the promise of hope.	there's a promise of hope in its ability to destroy.
there's a promise of hope in its ability to destroy.	There is, in this power of destruction... also the promise of hope.
My friends do not listen when I speak to them.	I tell my friends but they don't listen.
I tell my friends but they don't listen.	My friends do not listen when I speak to them.
Punishable by preventing life after death forever.	punished for violating the prevention of endless life.
punished for violating the prevention of endless life.	Punishable by preventing life after death forever.
It would appear that the professor answers such correspondence himself.	he seems to have answered these letters himself.
he seems to have answered these letters himself.	It would appear that the professor answers such correspondence himself.
A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.	Two people, one with a rainbow wig, wave out the window of a limo.
Two people, one with a rainbow wig, wave out the window of a limo.	A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.
Its port is the second busiest in France .	It is one of the most important port of France .
It is one of the most important port of France .	Its port is the second busiest in France .
Life, for me, at the time, was moving fast.	at the time, my life flowed quickly.
at the time, my life flowed quickly.	Life, for me, at the time, was moving fast.
Young children play with a telescope.	Four children are playing together outside.
Four children are playing together outside.	Young children play with a telescope.
Six men sit at a table drinking beer and conversing with one another.	People out enjoying drinks and conversation while sitting at an outdoor restaurant patio.
People out enjoying drinks and conversation while sitting at an outdoor restaurant patio.	Six men sit at a table drinking beer and conversing with one another.
Her voice is different and she is hot.	hot ,sexy and she has an amazing voice
hot ,sexy and she has an amazing voice	Her voice is different and she is hot.
I do not believe you can get the single here.	I don't believe you get get it here as a single but probably online...I think...
I don't believe you get get it here as a single but probably online...I think...	I do not believe you can get the single here.
That's as bad a head wound as I've seen.	I've never seen an ugly head injury.
I've never seen an ugly head injury.	That's as bad a head wound as I've seen.
Besides the ending, I would suggest this entire series to magic-lovers anywhere.	THough I love this series and loved this book, I thought the ending left much to be desired.
THough I love this series and loved this book, I thought the ending left much to be desired.	Besides the ending, I would suggest this entire series to magic-lovers anywhere.
I suggest you discuss this topic with others and read.	talk to people let it out and read
talk to people let it out and read	I suggest you discuss this topic with others and read.
Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .	Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well .
Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well .	Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
A small girl is hula-hooping.	A young woman using a green hula hoop.
A young woman using a green hula hoop.	A small girl is hula-hooping.
The show was originally introduced as WWF Sunday Night Heat on the USA Network in 1998 .	Sunday Night Heat was soon renamed to WWE Heat , as it no longer aired on Sundays .
Sunday Night Heat was soon renamed to WWE Heat , as it no longer aired on Sundays .	The show was originally introduced as WWF Sunday Night Heat on the USA Network in 1998 .
A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone.	A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica.
A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica.	A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone.
Someone is seasoning eggs.	Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.	Someone is seasoning eggs.
Her husband has been acting strangely, so I should do some research on these strange phone numbers.	If you know that your husband is a cheater, call all the numbers in his phone..
If you know that your husband is a cheater, call all the numbers in his phone..	Her husband has been acting strangely, so I should do some research on these strange phone numbers.
bull rider in texas getting thrown from a bull	A rodeo rider takes a tumble as a bull rampages.
A rodeo rider takes a tumble as a bull rampages.	bull rider in texas getting thrown from a bull
A great picture of what you are searching for can be found at "http://flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/".	flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/ there is a great picture of it there.....good luck
flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/ there is a great picture of it there.....good luck	A great picture of what you are searching for can be found at "http://flickr.com/photos/rexblog/122240680/".
The story follows Yuki, a high school senior with an unusual talent, she smells dead people.	Yuki was a great lead character.
Yuki was a great lead character.	The story follows Yuki, a high school senior with an unusual talent, she smells dead people.
FeedDemon was purchased by NewsGator Technologies in May 2005 .	This software is owned by NewsGator Technologies since May 2005 .
This software is owned by NewsGator Technologies since May 2005 .	FeedDemon was purchased by NewsGator Technologies in May 2005 .
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win	Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win
Patients were required to have been off antipseudomonal antibiotics for at least 28 days before treatment with study drug.	in patients before treatment with a study product, at least a 28-day period was required without antipseudomonic antibiotics.
in patients before treatment with a study product, at least a 28-day period was required without antipseudomonic antibiotics.	Patients were required to have been off antipseudomonal antibiotics for at least 28 days before treatment with study drug.
Oh no, Gireiev, this mantra of yours isn't doing the business.	not Gireieve, this mantra's not working.
not Gireieve, this mantra's not working.	Oh no, Gireiev, this mantra of yours isn't doing the business.
As you can barely sing or talk, I have little faith in your writing skills.	ne yo can barely sing or talk never mind write.
ne yo can barely sing or talk never mind write.	As you can barely sing or talk, I have little faith in your writing skills.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.	AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
It's the bus, number 200, they mean the bus.	number 200, he means the bus.
number 200, he means the bus.	It's the bus, number 200, they mean the bus.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.	Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
People skiing down a slope.	A skier goes down a slope.
A skier goes down a slope.	People skiing down a slope.
This is a list of currently running bots .	See for a current list of fully approved bots .
See for a current list of fully approved bots .	This is a list of currently running bots .
Used to race for NASCAR. Yeah, he was good, too.	he was racing in NASCAR.
he was racing in NASCAR.	Used to race for NASCAR. Yeah, he was good, too.
You have nothing to lose.	what do you have to lose ??
what do you have to lose ??	You have nothing to lose.
Or what even the echo of heartbreak felt like.	I thought I knew what heartbreak was.
I thought I knew what heartbreak was.	Or what even the echo of heartbreak felt like.
Similarly, those undertakings are proprietors of thread brands specifically created for that sector.	likewise, all of these undertakings are holders of trade marks for the yarns, specially created for those sectors.
likewise, all of these undertakings are holders of trade marks for the yarns, specially created for those sectors.	Similarly, those undertakings are proprietors of thread brands specifically created for that sector.
This means that of snow melts down to of water .	At a certain temperature , snow melts away and becomes water .
At a certain temperature , snow melts away and becomes water .	This means that of snow melts down to of water .
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	There is no war in the Middle east.
There is no war in the Middle east.	There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
The region took its name from the Grampian Mountains .	It was named after the Grampian mountains which start in this region .
It was named after the Grampian mountains which start in this region .	The region took its name from the Grampian Mountains .
With a spooky premise, powerful magic, strong friendships, and a beautiful atmosphere, Baptiste's THE JUMBIES is a Caribbean fairy tale you don't want to miss.	Tracey Baptiste's The Jumbies is a suspenseful tale with roots in Caribbean folklore.
Tracey Baptiste's The Jumbies is a suspenseful tale with roots in Caribbean folklore.	With a spooky premise, powerful magic, strong friendships, and a beautiful atmosphere, Baptiste's THE JUMBIES is a Caribbean fairy tale you don't want to miss.
is there really lust at 1st sight?	It could be lust at first sight.
It could be lust at first sight.	is there really lust at 1st sight?
I'd like to slap him in the face with a paint can!	then I'll put a can of paint in his face!
then I'll put a can of paint in his face!	I'd like to slap him in the face with a paint can!
get the whole CD and rip the track you want	Burn them to cd and rip them with itumes.
Burn them to cd and rip them with itumes.	get the whole CD and rip the track you want
I've read the Fablehaven series, Beyonders and now The Candy Shop War.	The Candy Shop War was so much fun to read.
The Candy Shop War was so much fun to read.	I've read the Fablehaven series, Beyonders and now The Candy Shop War.
Reasons shall be given for any decision amending or revoking an authorisation.	the decision to cancel or change the authorisation shall indicate the reasons.
the decision to cancel or change the authorisation shall indicate the reasons.	Reasons shall be given for any decision amending or revoking an authorisation.
An idea that is fully formed, fully understood, that sticks.	a fully formed and clear idea, that's the real thing.
a fully formed and clear idea, that's the real thing.	An idea that is fully formed, fully understood, that sticks.
However , there are other methods of chocolate tempering used .	The last step in making chocolate is called tempering .
The last step in making chocolate is called tempering .	However , there are other methods of chocolate tempering used .
He is the older brother of current NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip .	Waltrips younger brother , Michael Waltrip is still racing in NASCAR .
Waltrips younger brother , Michael Waltrip is still racing in NASCAR .	He is the older brother of current NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip .
Almondvale Stadium is located near the center of the Town of Livingston , approx .	Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston , West Lothian .
Almondvale Stadium is a football stadium in Livingston , West Lothian .	Almondvale Stadium is located near the center of the Town of Livingston , approx .
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .	The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .
Wow, those shoes are hot; I have the famous shoes with the topless woman on them.	Dude, Those are Sum Pimpn' Shoez, I have the FAMOUS Shoes With The Topless Chik On Them.
Dude, Those are Sum Pimpn' Shoez, I have the FAMOUS Shoes With The Topless Chik On Them.	Wow, those shoes are hot; I have the famous shoes with the topless woman on them.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.	Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
He suspects that he has been enchanted by a woman called Madame Podtochina , because he would not marry her daughter .	The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina , who tried to make him marry her daughter , has used witchcraft on him .
The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina , who tried to make him marry her daughter , has used witchcraft on him .	He suspects that he has been enchanted by a woman called Madame Podtochina , because he would not marry her daughter .
Christian liturgy is a pattern for worship used by a Christian congregation or denomination on a regular basis .	A Christian liturgy is such a liturgy , done by different Christian denominations .
A Christian liturgy is such a liturgy , done by different Christian denominations .	Christian liturgy is a pattern for worship used by a Christian congregation or denomination on a regular basis .
In countries where prostitution is legal , advertising it may be legal or illegal .	There are some places , where prostitution is legal , but advertising for it is not .
There are some places , where prostitution is legal , but advertising for it is not .	In countries where prostitution is legal , advertising it may be legal or illegal .
Many modern personal computers do not have a serial port since this legacy port has been superseded for most uses .	The serial port is not present for cost savings , and is considered to be a legacy port on personal computers .
The serial port is not present for cost savings , and is considered to be a legacy port on personal computers .	Many modern personal computers do not have a serial port since this legacy port has been superseded for most uses .
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.	But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.	Stakeholders have been consulted on this draft.
Stakeholders have been consulted on this draft.	The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.
Unanimity shall be required for the Council to amend the proposal as re-examined by the Commission.	the proposal reviewed by the Commission may be amended by the Council only by unanimous decision.
the proposal reviewed by the Commission may be amended by the Council only by unanimous decision.	Unanimity shall be required for the Council to amend the proposal as re-examined by the Commission.
Make him aware of how much you miss him and apologize while admitting you were mistaken.	well just aplogize and tel him u miss him and u made a big mistake
well just aplogize and tel him u miss him and u made a big mistake	Make him aware of how much you miss him and apologize while admitting you were mistaken.
A dog playing in the snow, ready to catch a toy	A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball.
A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball.	A dog playing in the snow, ready to catch a toy
Really like these characters, and the love hate relationships with Mira & the men in her life.	I want to see where the relationship between Mira and Danaus.
I want to see where the relationship between Mira and Danaus.	Really like these characters, and the love hate relationships with Mira & the men in her life.
Your best friend or her boyfriend?	You're BEST FRIEND or her Boy friend?
You're BEST FRIEND or her Boy friend?	Your best friend or her boyfriend?
Double sharps also exist ; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or a whole step .	Double flats also exist , which look like and lower a note by two semitones , or a whole step .
Double flats also exist , which look like and lower a note by two semitones , or a whole step .	Double sharps also exist ; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or a whole step .
It seems like there is a lack of trust	Even if we don't mean there is a lack of trust......it comes across that way.
Even if we don't mean there is a lack of trust......it comes across that way.	It seems like there is a lack of trust
In cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher .	Evidence of security against linear cryptanalysis is usually expected of new cipher designs .
Evidence of security against linear cryptanalysis is usually expected of new cipher designs .	In cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher .
These seasonal wetlands became habitat for the migratory birds of the Pacific Flyway .	These wetlands became rich habitat for birds and other animals .
These wetlands became rich habitat for birds and other animals .	These seasonal wetlands became habitat for the migratory birds of the Pacific Flyway .
The relationship developing between Simon and Meg is sweet and funny.	I'm seriously excited to read the next book to see if Simon and Meg becomes more than just friends.
I'm seriously excited to read the next book to see if Simon and Meg becomes more than just friends.	The relationship developing between Simon and Meg is sweet and funny.
Dragon Ball Z I believe is downloadable. Go to the portion when Goku is small. I think I spelled his name correctly.	Dragon Ball Z I think Is DB gt when goku (I think I spelled his name right) is small?
Dragon Ball Z I think Is DB gt when goku (I think I spelled his name right) is small?	Dragon Ball Z I believe is downloadable. Go to the portion when Goku is small. I think I spelled his name correctly.
I'm going to start off saying that I LOVE this series, both the LoD and Demonica.	Holy fucking shit , this book is definitely one of my favorites in the demonica serie .
Holy fucking shit , this book is definitely one of my favorites in the demonica serie .	I'm going to start off saying that I LOVE this series, both the LoD and Demonica.
@realDonaldTrump I feel the train is gaining steam.	Looking at presidential candidates, there is only one candidate, who can stand tall, and is all heads and shoulders. #Trump
Looking at presidential candidates, there is only one candidate, who can stand tall, and is all heads and shoulders. #Trump	@realDonaldTrump I feel the train is gaining steam.
This made him the first little person wrestler to win a championship in WWE history .	He is also the smallest wrestler to win any title in WWE .
He is also the smallest wrestler to win any title in WWE .	This made him the first little person wrestler to win a championship in WWE history .
Thank you Lara Adrian for making such a wonderful series!	Another great book by the great Lara Adrian .
Another great book by the great Lara Adrian .	Thank you Lara Adrian for making such a wonderful series!
He has dated his former Lost co-star Evangeline Lilly since 2004 .	Dominic dated Evangeline Lilly while the two of them were on Lost .
Dominic dated Evangeline Lilly while the two of them were on Lost .	He has dated his former Lost co-star Evangeline Lilly since 2004 .
Open proxies may be blocked on sight according to the policy on open proxies .	You have been indefinitely blocked from editing in accordance with Wikipedia 's blocking policy .
You have been indefinitely blocked from editing in accordance with Wikipedia 's blocking policy .	Open proxies may be blocked on sight according to the policy on open proxies .
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics	Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Thus , the development of products based on NetBSD is possible without having to make modifications to the source code public .	This means people can make new things from NetBSD without having to give people the source code .
This means people can make new things from NetBSD without having to give people the source code .	Thus , the development of products based on NetBSD is possible without having to make modifications to the source code public .
In relationships, body language communicates a great deal for both males and females.	the eyes talk, hands talk, all the body shows it when a guy like a girl, and vice versa.
the eyes talk, hands talk, all the body shows it when a guy like a girl, and vice versa.	In relationships, body language communicates a great deal for both males and females.
Dolamore made me care about these characters.	Dolamore has created an instant classic in her debut novel.
Dolamore has created an instant classic in her debut novel.	Dolamore made me care about these characters.
Capillaritis refers to state where the capillaries are inflamed .	Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be .
Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be .	Capillaritis refers to state where the capillaries are inflamed .
A number of issues were raised by stakeholders.	The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.
The Agency consulted with its stakeholders on a number of issues during 2004.	A number of issues were raised by stakeholders.
At most one Windows Installation CD driver path can be specified on the commandline.	the command line can specify no more than one path to the CD driver with the Windows driver.
the command line can specify no more than one path to the CD driver with the Windows driver.	At most one Windows Installation CD driver path can be specified on the commandline.
This behavior is usually reported to have arisen spontaneously , and developed over a period of time .	Usually , people say that this behavior arises spontaneously , or over some time .
Usually , people say that this behavior arises spontaneously , or over some time .	This behavior is usually reported to have arisen spontaneously , and developed over a period of time .
maybe you can search google or some other search engine	The entire song can be found in the Google search engine.
The entire song can be found in the Google search engine.	maybe you can search google or some other search engine
Unable to fetch info on Dept ID#%s	failed to get department information with ID #% s
failed to get department information with ID #% s	Unable to fetch info on Dept ID#%s
A curved dagger is fastened over a pair of crossed swords .	This depicts crossed swords over a khanjar , a traditional curved dagger .
This depicts crossed swords over a khanjar , a traditional curved dagger .	A curved dagger is fastened over a pair of crossed swords .
In 1992 , Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980 .	The third film in the Godfather trilogy , The Godfather Part III , came out in 1990 .
The third film in the Godfather trilogy , The Godfather Part III , came out in 1990 .	In 1992 , Coppola would again re-edit all three Godfather movies in chronological order dubbed The Godfather Trilogy 1901-1980 .
Insects in this family are commonly called tachina flies or simply tachinids .	These flies are commonly known as tachina flies or tachinids .
These flies are commonly known as tachina flies or tachinids .	Insects in this family are commonly called tachina flies or simply tachinids .
Josh Lyman , Santos 's campaign manager , convinces Leo McGarry to become Santos ' running mate .	Santos was planning to leave Congress before being recruited to run for the presidency by Josh Lyman .
Santos was planning to leave Congress before being recruited to run for the presidency by Josh Lyman .	Josh Lyman , Santos 's campaign manager , convinces Leo McGarry to become Santos ' running mate .
The single reed is held tightly against the mouthpiece by a ligature .	The ligature is what holds the reed onto the mouthpiece .
The ligature is what holds the reed onto the mouthpiece .	The single reed is held tightly against the mouthpiece by a ligature .
Great, hooked claws curled from its fingers and toes.	his fingers on his hands and feet were filled with huge, curved claws.
his fingers on his hands and feet were filled with huge, curved claws.	Great, hooked claws curled from its fingers and toes.
The doc called in a prescription for you, honey.	the doctor prescribed you the recipe, baby.
the doctor prescribed you the recipe, baby.	The doc called in a prescription for you, honey.
Couldn't beat a human being, let alone another horse.	you wouldn't hurt a man, so leave the other horses alone.
you wouldn't hurt a man, so leave the other horses alone.	Couldn't beat a human being, let alone another horse.
He successfully defended that title in the following three years .	She successfully defended her title four times .
She successfully defended her title four times .	He successfully defended that title in the following three years .
Sandman Slim is one of the best series I have read in quite awhile.	So, I liked the original Sandman Slim.
So, I liked the original Sandman Slim.	Sandman Slim is one of the best series I have read in quite awhile.
Hati or Saturn XLIII is a natural satellite of Saturn .	Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .	Hati or Saturn XLIII is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Easily the best of any Riordan book.	Just because it's Rick Riordan, this book gets an automatic 5 stars.
Just because it's Rick Riordan, this book gets an automatic 5 stars.	Easily the best of any Riordan book.
You have interfered with our affairs for the last time.	that was the last time you were involved in our business.
that was the last time you were involved in our business.	You have interfered with our affairs for the last time.
The IPCC reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .	The Panel is responsible for the IPCC and its endorsement of Reports allows it to ensure they meet IPCC standards .
The Panel is responsible for the IPCC and its endorsement of Reports allows it to ensure they meet IPCC standards .	The IPCC reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
She was in our presence the entire time.	we've been with her the whole time.
we've been with her the whole time.	She was in our presence the entire time.
I do not wish to listen to anyone discuss the motion of the ocean versus the size of the ship.	The size of the way does not matter. The motion of the ocean is what is important.
The size of the way does not matter. The motion of the ocean is what is important.	I do not wish to listen to anyone discuss the motion of the ocean versus the size of the ship.
I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.	Make up your mind, if you think you are mature enough to handle such things
Make up your mind, if you think you are mature enough to handle such things	I think you need to wait until you become mature enough to handle this situation.
In an interview he is entitled to be assisted by a person of his choice.	he can assist this person in an interview with the person he chooses.
he can assist this person in an interview with the person he chooses.	In an interview he is entitled to be assisted by a person of his choice.
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
@realDonaldTrump don't care what anybody says. In November 2016, you will have my vote. Where can I get your bumper sticker??	@realDonaldTrump WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP! WE WANT TRUMP!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain	@realDonaldTrump don't care what anybody says. In November 2016, you will have my vote. Where can I get your bumper sticker??
It is obvious that many people do that.	but apparently a lot of people do.
but apparently a lot of people do.	It is obvious that many people do that.
They are classier and are better, what should I say?	THEY HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE MORE> WHAT SHOULD I SAY?
THEY HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE MORE> WHAT SHOULD I SAY?	They are classier and are better, what should I say?
He tends to nap most days!	he tends to nap at them most days!
he tends to nap at them most days!	He tends to nap most days!
In some male mammals the scrotum is a protuberance of skin and muscle containing the testicles .	The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles in male mammals .
The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles in male mammals .	In some male mammals the scrotum is a protuberance of skin and muscle containing the testicles .
The hapy asian woman is at the market.	An Asian woman and sand at a marketplace with their good.
An Asian woman and sand at a marketplace with their good.	The hapy asian woman is at the market.
Butch was finding it harder and harder to pull air from the mask.	getting the air out of the mask was getting harder.
getting the air out of the mask was getting harder.	Butch was finding it harder and harder to pull air from the mask.
ammityvile horror or texas chainsaw masscre or maybe even 13ghosts old but real good	best horror: texas chainsaw massacre best suspense: the panic room
best horror: texas chainsaw massacre best suspense: the panic room	ammityvile horror or texas chainsaw masscre or maybe even 13ghosts old but real good
A28/E30 following in eastern, northeastern direction until A1/E30.	A28 / E30 east, northeast towards A1 / E30.
A28 / E30 east, northeast towards A1 / E30.	A28/E30 following in eastern, northeastern direction until A1/E30.
Games which use only one type of dice rarely require complex dice notation .	Some games are played with two dice and some use only one .
Some games are played with two dice and some use only one .	Games which use only one type of dice rarely require complex dice notation .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-of-war.	A man and his dog play tug-of-war with a rope.
A man and his dog play tug-of-war with a rope.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-of-war.
Sales Order,Sales Invoice,Sales Return Order,Sales Credit Memo,Purchase Order,Purchase Invoice,Purchase Return Order,Purchase Credit Memo	sales order, Sales order, Sales refund, Sales refund, Sales order, purchase order, purchase refund, purchase refund, p.
sales order, Sales order, Sales refund, Sales refund, Sales order, purchase order, purchase refund, purchase refund, p.	Sales Order,Sales Invoice,Sales Return Order,Sales Credit Memo,Purchase Order,Purchase Invoice,Purchase Return Order,Purchase Credit Memo
Japan did enjoy friendly relations with Silla as well as formal relationships with Tang China .	At that time , Japan had friendly relations with Korea and China 's Tang Dynasty .
At that time , Japan had friendly relations with Korea and China 's Tang Dynasty .	Japan did enjoy friendly relations with Silla as well as formal relationships with Tang China .
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
I'm 1 0 minutes from the bomb squad.	there's a bomb squad in ten minutes.
there's a bomb squad in ten minutes.	I'm 1 0 minutes from the bomb squad.
Quetzalcoatl was one of several important gods in the Aztec pantheon along with the gods Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .	Today Quetzalcoatl is arguably the best known Aztec deity but there were several other important Aztec gods too : Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
Today Quetzalcoatl is arguably the best known Aztec deity but there were several other important Aztec gods too : Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .	Quetzalcoatl was one of several important gods in the Aztec pantheon along with the gods Tlaloc , Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli .
A BMX biker in the air on his bike over stairs near a building.	A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp.
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp.	A BMX biker in the air on his bike over stairs near a building.
The saintly Earl denied the Popish Plot.	It's high treason to deny the popish plot.
It's high treason to deny the popish plot.	The saintly Earl denied the Popish Plot.
But in the 8th century , King Trisong Detsen established Buddhism as the official religion of the state .	In the 8th century , an Indian teacher called Padmasambhava brought Buddhism to Tibet again while Trisong Detsen was king of Tibet .
In the 8th century , an Indian teacher called Padmasambhava brought Buddhism to Tibet again while Trisong Detsen was king of Tibet .	But in the 8th century , King Trisong Detsen established Buddhism as the official religion of the state .
I saw a butcher's daughter last week, blubbering on about a malady akin to this.	last week I saw a butcher's daughter cry for a similar disease.
last week I saw a butcher's daughter cry for a similar disease.	I saw a butcher's daughter last week, blubbering on about a malady akin to this.
Glazed tiles were used in China since the Zhou dynasty as building material for roof top .	Glazed tiles were used to make the roof on buildings in China .
Glazed tiles were used to make the roof on buildings in China .	Glazed tiles were used in China since the Zhou dynasty as building material for roof top .
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
LGW is a German regional airline officially known as Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH .	The Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter or LGW is an German airline .
The Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter or LGW is an German airline .	LGW is a German regional airline officially known as Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH .
Why does it drive us men crazy?	Some things women deal with can drive them crazy.
Some things women deal with can drive them crazy.	Why does it drive us men crazy?
Published as "Rivers of London" in the UK - great characters and really interesting concept.	First published as Rivers of London in the UK.
First published as Rivers of London in the UK.	Published as "Rivers of London" in the UK - great characters and really interesting concept.
They are larder hoarders , and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows .	They feed mostly on seeds and other plant parts , which they carry in their cheek pouches to their burrows .
They feed mostly on seeds and other plant parts , which they carry in their cheek pouches to their burrows .	They are larder hoarders , and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows .
He is probably best known for creating the villainous Daleks in the long-running science fiction television series Doctor Who .	Articles about significant fictional characters in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Articles about significant fictional characters in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .	He is probably best known for creating the villainous Daleks in the long-running science fiction television series Doctor Who .
That would be affirmative for me. I was greatly pleased with the first one.	I am I really loved the first one!
I am I really loved the first one!	That would be affirmative for me. I was greatly pleased with the first one.
Violet Baudelaire is one of the main characters in the children 's book series , A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket .	Sunny Baudelaire is one of the protagonists of Lemony Snicket 's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events .
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the protagonists of Lemony Snicket 's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events .	Violet Baudelaire is one of the main characters in the children 's book series , A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket .
And it's nowhere near the feelings that Warner has for Juliette!	Moreover, I think that Warner is better off with Juliette.
Moreover, I think that Warner is better off with Juliette.	And it's nowhere near the feelings that Warner has for Juliette!
I haven't ever read Rachel Vincent before.	And now I need a Rachel Vincent fix.
And now I need a Rachel Vincent fix.	I haven't ever read Rachel Vincent before.
One of a Kind is a good song.	'One Of A Kind' by Breaking Point.
'One Of A Kind' by Breaking Point.	One of a Kind is a good song.
However, by purposefully hiding this it becomes unfriendly!	But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY!
But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY!	However, by purposefully hiding this it becomes unfriendly!
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth.	A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth.
A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth.	A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth.
Kim Jong-il is the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .	Kim Jong-il has been the leader of North Korea since his father 's death in 1994 .
Kim Jong-il has been the leader of North Korea since his father 's death in 1994 .	Kim Jong-il is the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts .	1956-58 - studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute , worked as a compere .
1956-58 - studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute , worked as a compere .	During the two years he studied at Yerevan # 8 college of Fine Arts .
I immediately dove into Half-Blood upon finishing Daimon.	Definitely made me what to read Half-Blood.
Definitely made me what to read Half-Blood.	I immediately dove into Half-Blood upon finishing Daimon.
So yes, women care about money.	Money is the only concern.
Money is the only concern.	So yes, women care about money.
Maintain your personality all the time; you're quite unique.	I'd like to let you know that you're a unique person.
I'd like to let you know that you're a unique person.	Maintain your personality all the time; you're quite unique.
The registry file for the service account could not be loaded	could not load registry registry file.
could not load registry registry file.	The registry file for the service account could not be loaded
An inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.	One man is climbing a rock wall, while another man, below, holds a rope.
One man is climbing a rock wall, while another man, below, holds a rope.	An inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.
Because young men who get in trouble are more attractive and girls are drawn to them.	because badboys.. are more like eye candy.. us girls cant get enough.
because badboys.. are more like eye candy.. us girls cant get enough.	Because young men who get in trouble are more attractive and girls are drawn to them.
Mustapha Hadji began playing football there .	Mustapha Hadji is a Moroccan football player .
Mustapha Hadji is a Moroccan football player .	Mustapha Hadji began playing football there .
Xypher has been given one month to be spent on earth by Hades to redeem himself.	Xypher is back on Earth for one month and he is not the only non human that is visiting New Orleans.
Xypher is back on Earth for one month and he is not the only non human that is visiting New Orleans.	Xypher has been given one month to be spent on earth by Hades to redeem himself.
Nagri Tutial has an average elevation of 1243 metres .	Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres above the level of the sea .
Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres above the level of the sea .	Nagri Tutial has an average elevation of 1243 metres .
It enjoy them talking real fast. It's funny.	It like they talk real fast allt he time and its funny
It like they talk real fast allt he time and its funny	It enjoy them talking real fast. It's funny.
This is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick, on his nose.	A clown in a field with trees and people behind him balancing a plate on a stick on his nose.
A clown in a field with trees and people behind him balancing a plate on a stick on his nose.	This is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick, on his nose.
I saw them in December and the show was amazing!	It is amazing that I saw her on the last tour.
It is amazing that I saw her on the last tour.	I saw them in December and the show was amazing!
How can we visit Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum? Come.	we'd like to see the mausoleum Sun Yat-sen.
we'd like to see the mausoleum Sun Yat-sen.	How can we visit Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum? Come.
Tomorrow, we're going away over the sea.	we will be far above the sea tomorrow.
we will be far above the sea tomorrow.	Tomorrow, we're going away over the sea.
but you keep on changing your mind, Sir Launcelot.	if you still change minds, Mr. Lancelot.
if you still change minds, Mr. Lancelot.	but you keep on changing your mind, Sir Launcelot.
A woman's best friend has to sign off on all big relationship decisions.	for a woman, every relationship must be confirmed by her best friend.
for a woman, every relationship must be confirmed by her best friend.	A woman's best friend has to sign off on all big relationship decisions.
In many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	Hydroelectric power can be far less expensive than electricity generated from fossil fuels or nuclear energy .
Hydroelectric power can be far less expensive than electricity generated from fossil fuels or nuclear energy .	In many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .
Edgar Meyer is a prominent contemporary bassist and composer .	Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist .
Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist .	Edgar Meyer is a prominent contemporary bassist and composer .
What kind of book is the Reaper Man?	Reaper Man is a book about Death.
Reaper Man is a book about Death.	What kind of book is the Reaper Man?
I really wanted to love this book but it just wasn't for me.	Unfortunatelly, I didn't feel any connection with heroine and her POV wasn't interesting for me at all.
Unfortunatelly, I didn't feel any connection with heroine and her POV wasn't interesting for me at all.	I really wanted to love this book but it just wasn't for me.
Was slow in the beginning but really picked up in the middle.	but it was a slow starter for me.
but it was a slow starter for me.	Was slow in the beginning but really picked up in the middle.
Helicobacter pylori is a Gram-negative , microaerophilic bacterium that can inhabit various areas of the stomach and duodenum .	Helicobacter pylori is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach .
Helicobacter pylori is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach .	Helicobacter pylori is a Gram-negative , microaerophilic bacterium that can inhabit various areas of the stomach and duodenum .
The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants , placed within the order Myrtales .	The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons .
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons .	The Myrtaceae or Myrtle family are a family of dicotyledon plants , placed within the order Myrtales .
Nevertheless, there are still some organisational and functional difficulties in terms of practical implementation at port level.	however, implementation in practice is still striking at organisational and operational difficulties in the ports themselves.
however, implementation in practice is still striking at organisational and operational difficulties in the ports themselves.	Nevertheless, there are still some organisational and functional difficulties in terms of practical implementation at port level.
I know you hesitantly want an affirmative response; you should.	i know you kind of want a yes, you should.
i know you kind of want a yes, you should.	I know you hesitantly want an affirmative response; you should.
Mumtaz Mahal had a very deep and loving marriage with Shah Jahan .	Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years .
Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years .	Mumtaz Mahal had a very deep and loving marriage with Shah Jahan .
After you dialed one digit, you are showing attention deficit disorder.	after you dialed one digit your A.D.D.
after you dialed one digit your A.D.D.	After you dialed one digit, you are showing attention deficit disorder.
Aegir or Saturn XXXVI is a natural satellite of Saturn .	Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .	Aegir or Saturn XXXVI is a natural satellite of Saturn .
- Jane and Beast have soul bonded and what that means for the birth of them is being further explored.	In addition to Jane, we are allowed better glimpses at other supporting characters, as well as some additional back stories.
In addition to Jane, we are allowed better glimpses at other supporting characters, as well as some additional back stories.	- Jane and Beast have soul bonded and what that means for the birth of them is being further explored.
Be certain of that before you decide to spend your life with this gentleman.	Maybe you should spend time with some gentleman.
Maybe you should spend time with some gentleman.	Be certain of that before you decide to spend your life with this gentleman.
Catherine became pregnant for the first time , by Seymour , at age thirty-five .	Not long afterwards , Catherine was married to Thomas Seymour and soon became pregnant .
Not long afterwards , Catherine was married to Thomas Seymour and soon became pregnant .	Catherine became pregnant for the first time , by Seymour , at age thirty-five .
The yacht's in her name and he's living on it.	she lives on a yacht that's written on her name.
she lives on a yacht that's written on her name.	The yacht's in her name and he's living on it.
In 1975 the Country Party changed its name to the National Country Party as part of a strategy to expand into urban areas .	It was first called the Country Party when it started in 1922 and then became the National Country Party in 1975 .
It was first called the Country Party when it started in 1922 and then became the National Country Party in 1975 .	In 1975 the Country Party changed its name to the National Country Party as part of a strategy to expand into urban areas .
She was just not as beautiful as her two sisters, who were apparently medieval models.	In this version, Belle tries to live up to the beauty standards of her two older sisters and feels lost in their shadow.
In this version, Belle tries to live up to the beauty standards of her two older sisters and feels lost in their shadow.	She was just not as beautiful as her two sisters, who were apparently medieval models.
After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.	i have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage.
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now i want it in my marriage.	After some experience, I have decided that I would like cultural interaction in my marriage.
After giving birth to Mary McCartney Stella McCartney and James McCartney she said that four children was enough .	She is the mother of artists Heather McCartney and Mary McCartney , fashion designer Stella McCartney , and musician James McCartney .
She is the mother of artists Heather McCartney and Mary McCartney , fashion designer Stella McCartney , and musician James McCartney .	After giving birth to Mary McCartney Stella McCartney and James McCartney she said that four children was enough .
Bridgit Claire Mendler is an American teen actress .	Jamie Lynn Spears is an American teen actress .
Jamie Lynn Spears is an American teen actress .	Bridgit Claire Mendler is an American teen actress .
Flowers, normally roses, and a box of candy.	Flowers, candy, and a soft kiss on the forehead.
Flowers, candy, and a soft kiss on the forehead.	Flowers, normally roses, and a box of candy.
in patients taking AVANDIA or similar medicines, a new macular oedema may occur, or may result in an existing macular oedema.	New or worse cases of macular oedema have occurred on rare occasions in people taking Avaglim and similar medicines.
New or worse cases of macular oedema have occurred on rare occasions in people taking Avaglim and similar medicines.	in patients taking AVANDIA or similar medicines, a new macular oedema may occur, or may result in an existing macular oedema.
For instance , cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious or contagious .	A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people ; it must also be infectious .
A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people ; it must also be infectious .	For instance , cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious or contagious .
Oscar Fredrik Dronjak is the rhythm guitarist and founder of the Power Metal band Hammerfall .	Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .
Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .	Oscar Fredrik Dronjak is the rhythm guitarist and founder of the Power Metal band Hammerfall .
A Borderland Jump-Rope Rhyme (poem) - Jane Yolen And... Yolen gets three in this anthology?	A borderland Jump-rope Rhyme - Jane Yolen - Mmmm da.
A borderland Jump-rope Rhyme - Jane Yolen - Mmmm da.	A Borderland Jump-Rope Rhyme (poem) - Jane Yolen And... Yolen gets three in this anthology?
Remember, the 20's were a desperate time in Germany.	you know, 20 years ago, she was in Germany a time of despair.
you know, 20 years ago, she was in Germany a time of despair.	Remember, the 20's were a desperate time in Germany.
All about them zircons, garnets, and iodestones flashed like stars.	everywhere on their clothing, the stars glinted with zircons, theatricals, diabbles, and other gems.
everywhere on their clothing, the stars glinted with zircons, theatricals, diabbles, and other gems.	All about them zircons, garnets, and iodestones flashed like stars.
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bomis , Inc , a web portal company .	Nupedia 's articles were written and owned by Bomis , Inc which was a web portal company .
Nupedia 's articles were written and owned by Bomis , Inc which was a web portal company .	Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of Bomis , Inc , a web portal company .
After all, pursuant to Article 6(3) of the Habitats Directive, the implications of a project must be assessed before it is authorised.	the consequences of the purpose for the site must be assessed before its authorisation under Article 6 (3) of the Habitats Directive.
the consequences of the purpose for the site must be assessed before its authorisation under Article 6 (3) of the Habitats Directive.	After all, pursuant to Article 6(3) of the Habitats Directive, the implications of a project must be assessed before it is authorised.
On the left, beneath the large squares, the words "Good Luck" appear.	It is on the left side, and below the big squares. Good Luck.
It is on the left side, and below the big squares. Good Luck.	On the left, beneath the large squares, the words "Good Luck" appear.
You're not thinking whatl think you're thinking, are you?	you weren't thinking what I thought you were thinking, did you?
you weren't thinking what I thought you were thinking, did you?	You're not thinking whatl think you're thinking, are you?
The population was 42,610 at the 2000 census .	42,610 people were living in Altadena as of 2000 .
42,610 people were living in Altadena as of 2000 .	The population was 42,610 at the 2000 census .
Back behind him now, wind blows through Jamf's crypt.	the wind was blowing through his back, through Jamal's tomb.
the wind was blowing through his back, through Jamal's tomb.	Back behind him now, wind blows through Jamf's crypt.
Spicules of snow tapped softly on the window.	Outside the window, the snow was coming down heavily.
Outside the window, the snow was coming down heavily.	Spicules of snow tapped softly on the window.
The sun extruded a jet of plasma some millions of miles long.	a stream of plasma spans a few million kilometers from the sun.
a stream of plasma spans a few million kilometers from the sun.	The sun extruded a jet of plasma some millions of miles long.
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan	US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Gheorghe Hagi , is a Romanian former football player of Aromanian origin .	Bogdan Gheorghe Stelea is a former Romanian football goalkeeper .
Bogdan Gheorghe Stelea is a former Romanian football goalkeeper .	Gheorghe Hagi , is a Romanian former football player of Aromanian origin .
Epimetheus is an inner satellite of Saturn .	Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .	Epimetheus is an inner satellite of Saturn .
A near copy of the British VC-10, the four-engine aircraft taxied to the remotest service area for refueling.	a four-engine aircraft, almost loyal to a British VC-10, rotated to the furthest station by ground crews to refuel.
a four-engine aircraft, almost loyal to a British VC-10, rotated to the furthest station by ground crews to refuel.	A near copy of the British VC-10, the four-engine aircraft taxied to the remotest service area for refueling.
A girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops.	girls wearing pink clothing playing the hula hoop.
girls wearing pink clothing playing the hula hoop.	A girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops.
For it would not do to get lost in the Labyrinth.	losing in the Labyrinth would not be good.
losing in the Labyrinth would not be good.	For it would not do to get lost in the Labyrinth.
It is not the eastern shore that worries me.	I'm not worried about the East Bank.
I'm not worried about the East Bank.	It is not the eastern shore that worries me.
This was a worthy prequel to Half-Blood.	Daimon: A Prequel to Half-Blood (Covenant) (p. 23).
Daimon: A Prequel to Half-Blood (Covenant) (p. 23).	This was a worthy prequel to Half-Blood.
A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.	A man with a painted face and braided ribbon on his forehead plays an instrument.
A man with a painted face and braided ribbon on his forehead plays an instrument.	A man is strumming his stringed instrument attached to an amp.
Caldwell is the home of the College of Idaho .	Caldwell is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Caldwell is a city of Idaho in the United States .	Caldwell is the home of the College of Idaho .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Nintendo Research & Development 1 , a defunct division of Nintendo .	Video games developed by Japanese studio Intelligent Systems , a division of Nintendo .
Video games developed by Japanese studio Intelligent Systems , a division of Nintendo .	Video games developed by Japanese studio Nintendo Research & Development 1 , a defunct division of Nintendo .
Yes. The worthiness at the end makes the difference.	sure i mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end.
sure i mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end.	Yes. The worthiness at the end makes the difference.
A teacher standing up in front of her students in a classroom.	Several Students watch a teacher in art class.
Several Students watch a teacher in art class.	A teacher standing up in front of her students in a classroom.
Then Aida appears and , when Radames sees her , Amneris notices that he looks disturbed .	She notices how he looks disturbed when Aida comes in and wonders whether she is the girl Radames loves .
She notices how he looks disturbed when Aida comes in and wonders whether she is the girl Radames loves .	Then Aida appears and , when Radames sees her , Amneris notices that he looks disturbed .
basicaly the reality you thought was just a fantasy	Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land...not reality.
Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land...not reality.	basicaly the reality you thought was just a fantasy
The word `` carnivore '' sometimes refers to the mammalian Order Carnivora , but this is somewhat misleading .	The word `` Carnivore '' also can mean any animal in the scientific order Carnivora .
The word `` Carnivore '' also can mean any animal in the scientific order Carnivora .	The word `` carnivore '' sometimes refers to the mammalian Order Carnivora , but this is somewhat misleading .
I am extremely excited to see how the conclusion of the story goes down and can't wait for the third book.	I still really liked it and can't wait for the next book.
I still really liked it and can't wait for the next book.	I am extremely excited to see how the conclusion of the story goes down and can't wait for the third book.
A very satisfying ending to a great series.	I loved the way this series ended... now I am have withdrawals.
I loved the way this series ended... now I am have withdrawals.	A very satisfying ending to a great series.
@realDonaldTrump You are the trump card of my heart.	@realDonaldTrump You have the heart of a lion! Let's make America great again!
@realDonaldTrump You have the heart of a lion! Let's make America great again!	@realDonaldTrump You are the trump card of my heart.
Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard	a golden dog tries to catch a ball
a golden dog tries to catch a ball	Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard
Based on her international reputation, she's quite good.	he has a pretty good international reputation.
he has a pretty good international reputation.	Based on her international reputation, she's quite good.
The title Episcopus Romanus means Roman Bishop in Latin .	All popes are Episcopus Romanus which means Bishop of Rome .
All popes are Episcopus Romanus which means Bishop of Rome .	The title Episcopus Romanus means Roman Bishop in Latin .
it is file sharing by the way.	Limewire is a no cost file sharing alternative.
Limewire is a no cost file sharing alternative.	it is file sharing by the way.
All those influences had no effect on you whatsoever, is that what you're saying?	are you saying that all of these things don't affect you?
are you saying that all of these things don't affect you?	All those influences had no effect on you whatsoever, is that what you're saying?
It is the intention of the ISB to make this valuable instrument available for use by double bassists world-wide .	Karr later gave this double bass to the ISB so that double bassists world-wide could play on it .
Karr later gave this double bass to the ISB so that double bassists world-wide could play on it .	It is the intention of the ISB to make this valuable instrument available for use by double bassists world-wide .
Fifty-one grizzlies have been radio collared since 1994 as part of the project.	since 1994, 51 bears grizzly bears have been on the job with the radio.
since 1994, 51 bears grizzly bears have been on the job with the radio.	Fifty-one grizzlies have been radio collared since 1994 as part of the project.
You can dig around the internet.	YOU CAN DIG AROUND INTERNET MOVIE DATABASE.
YOU CAN DIG AROUND INTERNET MOVIE DATABASE.	You can dig around the internet.
A dim lamp from the hallway cast a narrow light through the slit in the doorway.	a knot of faint light filtered through the clearing of the open door from the hallway.
a knot of faint light filtered through the clearing of the open door from the hallway.	A dim lamp from the hallway cast a narrow light through the slit in the doorway.
It opens every door, including the one hiding immoral intensions.	he opens all doors, even those that conceal an amoral decision.
he opens all doors, even those that conceal an amoral decision.	It opens every door, including the one hiding immoral intensions.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
I cannot telephone because of reasons which will become clear.	for obvious reasons, I can't make a phone call.
for obvious reasons, I can't make a phone call.	I cannot telephone because of reasons which will become clear.
I'd hoped you would not ask.	I was hoping you wouldn't put it to me.
I was hoping you wouldn't put it to me.	I'd hoped you would not ask.
Shah is a Persian term for a king that has been adopted in many other languages .	Shah is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country .
Shah is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country .	Shah is a Persian term for a king that has been adopted in many other languages .
This is the third in the Septimus Heap series.	The best so far of the Septimus Heap series...
The best so far of the Septimus Heap series...	This is the third in the Septimus Heap series.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.	Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
Fanta was the second drink to be produced by Coca-Cola , apart from the original Coca-Cola .	After the war , Fanta was introduced to the United States by Coca-Cola , and in 1960 they bought the trademark .
After the war , Fanta was introduced to the United States by Coca-Cola , and in 1960 they bought the trademark .	Fanta was the second drink to be produced by Coca-Cola , apart from the original Coca-Cola .
Pardon me, sir. That's a very fascinating ring you've got there.	sorry, you have an amazing ring.
sorry, you have an amazing ring.	Pardon me, sir. That's a very fascinating ring you've got there.
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes
China rocked by twin earthquakes	Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
The EP is the audio-only counterpart to Alive in the Superunknown .	It is available on the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown .
It is available on the CD-ROM Alive in the Superunknown .	The EP is the audio-only counterpart to Alive in the Superunknown .
then u can drag and drup the files into ur mp3 player.	Then, place it onto your phone and open the mp3 player.
Then, place it onto your phone and open the mp3 player.	then u can drag and drup the files into ur mp3 player.
He later served as an assistant conductor at the Czech Philharmonic for 2 years .	He became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1990 for a short time .
He became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1990 for a short time .	He later served as an assistant conductor at the Czech Philharmonic for 2 years .
Miss Thailand is nothing to do with Miss Thailand World and Miss Thailand Universe .	The winner of Miss Thailand has to represent the country and invite other people to come to Thailand .
The winner of Miss Thailand has to represent the country and invite other people to come to Thailand .	Miss Thailand is nothing to do with Miss Thailand World and Miss Thailand Universe .
The company enter the black forest of Mirkwood without Gandalf .	At the border of Mirkwood , Gandalf leaves the group .
At the border of Mirkwood , Gandalf leaves the group .	The company enter the black forest of Mirkwood without Gandalf .
Argyll and Bute covers the second largest administrative area of any Scottish council .	Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland , UK .
Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland , UK .	Argyll and Bute covers the second largest administrative area of any Scottish council .
Mexican Americans are Americans of Mexican descent .	Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino ancestry .
Filipino Americans are Americans of Filipino ancestry .	Mexican Americans are Americans of Mexican descent .
It depends upon what you call cheating.	its your call wahts cheating and whats not.
its your call wahts cheating and whats not.	It depends upon what you call cheating.
Walid Eido was a Lebanese politician and member of the Current for the Future Lebanese political movement and an MP in the Lebanese Parliament .	Walid Eido was a Lebanese man who worked for the Lebanese Parliament , a government building in Beirut .
Walid Eido was a Lebanese man who worked for the Lebanese Parliament , a government building in Beirut .	Walid Eido was a Lebanese politician and member of the Current for the Future Lebanese political movement and an MP in the Lebanese Parliament .
The word Zhejiang was the old name of the Qiantang River , which passes through Hangzhou , the provincial capital .	`` Zhejiang '' is named by the Qiantang River , which is also called `` Zhejiang '' .
`` Zhejiang '' is named by the Qiantang River , which is also called `` Zhejiang '' .	The word Zhejiang was the old name of the Qiantang River , which passes through Hangzhou , the provincial capital .
Deep, dark fear building up It's too strong for you	you grow cold, dark fear Is stronger than you
you grow cold, dark fear Is stronger than you	Deep, dark fear building up It's too strong for you
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.	Brown and black dog tussle on grass.
Brown and black dog tussle on grass.	A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.
Well, if the truth be told, I've not been so acquainted with that promised land as I had thee believe.	if I have to tell you the truth, I don't know the country as well as I have told you.
if I have to tell you the truth, I don't know the country as well as I have told you.	Well, if the truth be told, I've not been so acquainted with that promised land as I had thee believe.
call on the phone and ask her out	Take a chance, call her.
Take a chance, call her.	call on the phone and ask her out
is there really lust at 1st sight?	I believe in lust and yearning at first sight.
I believe in lust and yearning at first sight.	is there really lust at 1st sight?
Volvo Cars introduced the first generation Volvo S40 and V40 compact executive cars in 1995 .	The Volvo S60 is a compact executive sedan produced by the Swedish automaker Volvo from 2000 .
The Volvo S60 is a compact executive sedan produced by the Swedish automaker Volvo from 2000 .	Volvo Cars introduced the first generation Volvo S40 and V40 compact executive cars in 1995 .
He has no concern for worldly affairs or possessions.	he's not interested in any mundane matters or property.
he's not interested in any mundane matters or property.	He has no concern for worldly affairs or possessions.
That is until her 16th birthday.	On Portia's 16th birthday she learns that she is a witch.
On Portia's 16th birthday she learns that she is a witch.	That is until her 16th birthday.
This story is listed as fantasy and while it has touches of fantasy, it is more of a historical mystery with feather light romance.	So it has a gentle mystery, with mild fantasy and very little romance flavor.
So it has a gentle mystery, with mild fantasy and very little romance flavor.	This story is listed as fantasy and while it has touches of fantasy, it is more of a historical mystery with feather light romance.
He moved slowly, every gesture bringing pain from the battering he had taken.	slowly, for every movement brought him suffering, he stepped forward.
slowly, for every movement brought him suffering, he stepped forward.	He moved slowly, every gesture bringing pain from the battering he had taken.
Walls of mirrors shot up on all sides about me, the guisel, and Kergma, but excluding Rhanda.	all around me, the masked man and Kergma flashed up mirrored walls.
all around me, the masked man and Kergma flashed up mirrored walls.	Walls of mirrors shot up on all sides about me, the guisel, and Kergma, but excluding Rhanda.
I don't know how Ms. Saare did it, but this book was even better than the first.	Saare writes this book really well.
Saare writes this book really well.	I don't know how Ms. Saare did it, but this book was even better than the first.
Mr. @realDonaldTrump I appreciate you standing your ground as you've done. I can say I've never felt better about voting.	@realDonaldTrump Just watched you on @FoxNews. You are awesome! You have my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@realDonaldTrump Just watched you on @FoxNews. You are awesome! You have my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain	Mr. @realDonaldTrump I appreciate you standing your ground as you've done. I can say I've never felt better about voting.
That's the best figure of Booth I've ever seen.	I've never seen a better Booth.
I've never seen a better Booth.	That's the best figure of Booth I've ever seen.
The things I liked most about THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS are the magic system and the author's writing style.	The ending of THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS, oh that ending!
The ending of THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS, oh that ending!	The things I liked most about THE THICKETY: A PATH BEGINS are the magic system and the author's writing style.
He got what he had been asking for.	Because he got what he wanted.
Because he got what he wanted.	He got what he had been asking for.
Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow , Scotland , who currently play in the Scottish Premier League .	Hampden Park in Glasgow is the traditional home of the Scotland team and is described by the Scottish Football Association as the National Stadium .
Hampden Park in Glasgow is the traditional home of the Scotland team and is described by the Scottish Football Association as the National Stadium .	Rangers Football Club are an association football team based in Glasgow , Scotland , who currently play in the Scottish Premier League .
Indigo and Shade by April Genevieve Tucholke and Whitney Atkinson - 4.5 stars.	Indigo and Shade (April Genevieve)- 3.5 stars.
Indigo and Shade (April Genevieve)- 3.5 stars.	Indigo and Shade by April Genevieve Tucholke and Whitney Atkinson - 4.5 stars.
exports of sugar produced over the quota framework were not covered by export refunds.	C quota sugar was not eligible for the price support mechanism or for the export refund mechanism.
C quota sugar was not eligible for the price support mechanism or for the export refund mechanism.	exports of sugar produced over the quota framework were not covered by export refunds.
Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk , theologian and linguist .	Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk who invented the Armenian alphabet in the year 406 .
Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk who invented the Armenian alphabet in the year 406 .	Saint Mesrop Mashtots was an Armenian monk , theologian and linguist .
I think you're going to make Agha sahib very proud today.	today will be a proud sahib proud of you.
today will be a proud sahib proud of you.	I think you're going to make Agha sahib very proud today.
Ichthyosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Early Jurassic of Europe .	Ichthyosaurus was an ichthyosaur , a marine reptile ; it was not a dinosaur .
Ichthyosaurus was an ichthyosaur , a marine reptile ; it was not a dinosaur .	Ichthyosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Early Jurassic of Europe .
The story follows Cara Devon, a sassy, "de-filed" Lord's daughter as she looks to uncover her deceased father's artefacts.	Cara was such a spunky, likable character in spite of the atrocities she suffered due to her jerk of a father.
Cara was such a spunky, likable character in spite of the atrocities she suffered due to her jerk of a father.	The story follows Cara Devon, a sassy, "de-filed" Lord's daughter as she looks to uncover her deceased father's artefacts.
four musicians, singing and playing instrument.	Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones.
Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones.	four musicians, singing and playing instrument.
I will. That is a sad question.	i will :] lol haha jm wow wow.. sad question..
i will :] lol haha jm wow wow.. sad question..	I will. That is a sad question.
No consensus exists as to when the French Revolutionary Wars ended and the Napoleonic Wars began .	Napoleonic Wars The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France .
Napoleonic Wars The Napoleonic Wars are wars that people fought during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte over France .	No consensus exists as to when the French Revolutionary Wars ended and the Napoleonic Wars began .
The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .	Another lateral meristem is the cork cambium , which produces cork , part of the bark .
Another lateral meristem is the cork cambium , which produces cork , part of the bark .	The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .
There are four primary schools situated in Wetherby and one secondary school .	Wetherby has several primary schools , a large secondary school and Park Lane College .
Wetherby has several primary schools , a large secondary school and Park Lane College .	There are four primary schools situated in Wetherby and one secondary school .
Knight's Shadow picks up where the Traitor's Blade left off.	If you're picking up Knights Shadow, you're probably aware of the central characters already.
If you're picking up Knights Shadow, you're probably aware of the central characters already.	Knight's Shadow picks up where the Traitor's Blade left off.
Celia and Marco is our main characters and I grew to love them.	I loved Celia and Marco together and individually.
I loved Celia and Marco together and individually.	Celia and Marco is our main characters and I grew to love them.
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO	Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details	Manchester United slashes price for US IPO
i want donald trump to win the presidency so bad. he cant be bought out like all the others. and he sticks to his convictions	@realDonaldTrump first time voting and I'm definitely voting for Trump
@realDonaldTrump first time voting and I'm definitely voting for Trump	i want donald trump to win the presidency so bad. he cant be bought out like all the others. and he sticks to his convictions
A page with this title has previously been deleted .	Warning : You are starting a page that was previously deleted .
Warning : You are starting a page that was previously deleted .	A page with this title has previously been deleted .
This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .	This definition is very general and includes people who have never heard about theistic ideas .
This definition is very general and includes people who have never heard about theistic ideas .	This broad definition would include newborns and other people who have not been exposed to theistic ideas .
It is lined by walking paths and shade trees on both sides .	There are paths and trees on both sides , and many people exercise around it .
There are paths and trees on both sides , and many people exercise around it .	It is lined by walking paths and shade trees on both sides .
Babies bought by men who raise them as livestock.	they buy kids and grow them like cattle.
they buy kids and grow them like cattle.	Babies bought by men who raise them as livestock.
FOR ME, THIS IS THE BEST FANTASY BOOK I'VE READ THIS 2015.	One of the best books I've ever had the pleasure of reading and definitely high up in my list of favorites.
One of the best books I've ever had the pleasure of reading and definitely high up in my list of favorites.	FOR ME, THIS IS THE BEST FANTASY BOOK I'VE READ THIS 2015.
inspector Belhet called the office in Los Angeles.	The L.A. office got a callfrom Inspector Bethel here.
The L.A. office got a callfrom Inspector Bethel here.	inspector Belhet called the office in Los Angeles.
Paper Heart", "Dirty Little Secret" and "Move Along" are my favorite songs.	Those are my most favorite songs that I have heard.
Those are my most favorite songs that I have heard.	Paper Heart", "Dirty Little Secret" and "Move Along" are my favorite songs.
NASA and ESA have used Celestia in their educational and outreach programs , as well as for interfacing to trajectory analysis software .	NASA and ESA have used Celestia , but it is not to be confused with Celestia 2000 , ESA 's own program .
NASA and ESA have used Celestia , but it is not to be confused with Celestia 2000 , ESA 's own program .	NASA and ESA have used Celestia in their educational and outreach programs , as well as for interfacing to trajectory analysis software .
@realDonaldTrump Its admirable how you're willing to lose sponsors for the greater good. We've longed for voice like yours!	@realDonaldTrump Stay the course! You can win! The USA needs your leadership and competence!
@realDonaldTrump Stay the course! You can win! The USA needs your leadership and competence!	@realDonaldTrump Its admirable how you're willing to lose sponsors for the greater good. We've longed for voice like yours!
But the Damsel had no such assurance.	but the girl did not have that certainty.
but the girl did not have that certainty.	But the Damsel had no such assurance.
However , unlike other organisms , a virus can not survive on its own .	A virus is unable to replicate on its own or use `` raw '' materials on which to survive .
A virus is unable to replicate on its own or use `` raw '' materials on which to survive .	However , unlike other organisms , a virus can not survive on its own .
analysis of the acionens effectiitet og produitet 3.4.4.	it is an actionernes effectiitet og produitet 3.9.4.
it is an actionernes effectiitet og produitet 3.9.4.	analysis of the acionens effectiitet og produitet 3.4.4.
Raffles Institution was the first school in Singapore to establish a Scout troop .	Raffles Institution is one of the best secondary schools in Singapore .
Raffles Institution is one of the best secondary schools in Singapore .	Raffles Institution was the first school in Singapore to establish a Scout troop .
But ah I will be reading the next few books in the series.	Anyways, I am definitely going to read the rest of the series.
Anyways, I am definitely going to read the rest of the series.	But ah I will be reading the next few books in the series.
That difference of terminology cannot but raise a presumption of a difference of concept.	such a terminological distinction can suggest only conceptual differences.
such a terminological distinction can suggest only conceptual differences.	That difference of terminology cannot but raise a presumption of a difference of concept.
Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income .	Non-family households are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles .
Non-family households are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles .	Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income .
Sources of uncertainties shall be identified and reduced as far as practicable.	if possible, it will find out and limit the sources of uncertainty.
if possible, it will find out and limit the sources of uncertainty.	Sources of uncertainties shall be identified and reduced as far as practicable.
This has the same sentence structure as ` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo ' .	`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence which uses correct grammar .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence which uses correct grammar .	This has the same sentence structure as ` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo ' .
Allman 's solo career has continued intermittently throughout the subsequent decades , sometimes touring when the Allman Brothers Band is off the road .	He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother , Duane Allman , which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s .
He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother , Duane Allman , which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s .	Allman 's solo career has continued intermittently throughout the subsequent decades , sometimes touring when the Allman Brothers Band is off the road .
Maybe they have a pressing need for their man Boklov.	perhaps his man - Boklovova - they urgently need.
perhaps his man - Boklovova - they urgently need.	Maybe they have a pressing need for their man Boklov.
Continuous supervision, training and raising of awareness about the terrorist threat is therefore needed.	there is therefore a need for a permanent effort in sight, education, and awareness-raising about the risk of terrorism.
there is therefore a need for a permanent effort in sight, education, and awareness-raising about the risk of terrorism.	Continuous supervision, training and raising of awareness about the terrorist threat is therefore needed.
Waiting for "The End of Oz".	On to the next one, The End of Oz!
On to the next one, The End of Oz!	Waiting for "The End of Oz".
However , Saint-Denis is older than that .	Saint-Denis dates back to the second century .
Saint-Denis dates back to the second century .	However , Saint-Denis is older than that .
Thirty years from now when you're sitting around your fireside with your grandson on your knee and he asks you:	when you sit by the fireplace with a grandchild on your knees after 30 years, you won't have to ask:
when you sit by the fireplace with a grandchild on your knees after 30 years, you won't have to ask:	Thirty years from now when you're sitting around your fireside with your grandson on your knee and he asks you:
He was eligible to play for both England and Trinidad and Tobago .	He has played for Trinidad and Tobago national team .
He has played for Trinidad and Tobago national team .	He was eligible to play for both England and Trinidad and Tobago .
Right whales are four species of large baleen whales .	Right whales are similar to bowhead whales , but smaller .
Right whales are similar to bowhead whales , but smaller .	Right whales are four species of large baleen whales .
If you want more, read my review of the first book, The False Prince.	I absolutely loved The False Prince and was looking forward to reading the second book.
I absolutely loved The False Prince and was looking forward to reading the second book.	If you want more, read my review of the first book, The False Prince.
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
China's yuan weakens against USD for third day	China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
Ha Seok-Ju is a retired South Korean football player .	Kim Hyun-Seok is a former South Korean football Striker .
Kim Hyun-Seok is a former South Korean football Striker .	Ha Seok-Ju is a retired South Korean football player .
This legend has been retold in many versions , and was used by Sigmund Freud to name the Oedipus complex .	The psychologist Sigmund Freud had a theory and he called it the Oedipus Complex , after this story .
The psychologist Sigmund Freud had a theory and he called it the Oedipus Complex , after this story .	This legend has been retold in many versions , and was used by Sigmund Freud to name the Oedipus complex .
I can't wait to see where things go from here.	Can't wait to read Heir of Fire to see what happens next!
Can't wait to read Heir of Fire to see what happens next!	I can't wait to see where things go from here.
Thus far the wind was rather warm and the rain as though heated.	as yet, the wind gusts were more like hot and hot.
as yet, the wind gusts were more like hot and hot.	Thus far the wind was rather warm and the rain as though heated.
A cute, light read, a bit predictable but still engaging.	Overall, it was an enjoyable read.
Overall, it was an enjoyable read.	A cute, light read, a bit predictable but still engaging.
Specific provisions on the treatment of particular territorial features	This standard does not establish any specific transitional provisions.
This standard does not establish any specific transitional provisions.	Specific provisions on the treatment of particular territorial features
What a great ending to a fantastic series!	But the ending was great and happy.
But the ending was great and happy.	What a great ending to a fantastic series!
Interesting start to a new series by Saintcrow.	This is the first book in the series by Lillith Saintcrow, the author of the Dante Valentine books.
This is the first book in the series by Lillith Saintcrow, the author of the Dante Valentine books.	Interesting start to a new series by Saintcrow.
We're going to put 100 million miles between us and that madman.	we'll move away from this fool for hundreds of millions of miles.
we'll move away from this fool for hundreds of millions of miles.	We're going to put 100 million miles between us and that madman.
Do your best to deal with the situation.	show your best efforts to put up with it !
show your best efforts to put up with it !	Do your best to deal with the situation.
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.	And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.
Better make it quick, 'cause I gotta cut these two loose pretty soon.	well, hurry up, I'll have to release them soon.
well, hurry up, I'll have to release them soon.	Better make it quick, 'cause I gotta cut these two loose pretty soon.
It doesn't surprise me that somebody stole that car.	I'm not surprised the car was stolen.
I'm not surprised the car was stolen.	It doesn't surprise me that somebody stole that car.
At the banquet , Banquo 's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth 's place .	The ghost of Banquo , whom he kills , haunts him at an important banquet .
The ghost of Banquo , whom he kills , haunts him at an important banquet .	At the banquet , Banquo 's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth 's place .
A woman is slicing garlics.	A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is slicing garlics.
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background.	A public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an African descent.
A public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an African descent.	An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background.
He soon awakened in Mictlan to meet the Aztec god of death Mictlantecuhtli and the Aztec god of dreams Tezcatlipoca .	He later wakes up in the land of the dead , Mictlan , where the Aztec gods Mictlantecuhtli and Tezcatlipoca sacrifice him .
He later wakes up in the land of the dead , Mictlan , where the Aztec gods Mictlantecuhtli and Tezcatlipoca sacrifice him .	He soon awakened in Mictlan to meet the Aztec god of death Mictlantecuhtli and the Aztec god of dreams Tezcatlipoca .
once a cheater always a cheater.	Who wants to date a cheater?
Who wants to date a cheater?	once a cheater always a cheater.
As a librarian, I can only imagine having the ability to actually pull things from books.	A must for any fantasy loving librarian!
A must for any fantasy loving librarian!	As a librarian, I can only imagine having the ability to actually pull things from books.
Gravitational energy is the potential energy associated with gravitational force .	Gravitational potential energy cause 's objects to move towards each other .
Gravitational potential energy cause 's objects to move towards each other .	Gravitational energy is the potential energy associated with gravitational force .
He looked melancholic and walked quietly away.	I looked at him, and he turned away from me.
I looked at him, and he turned away from me.	He looked melancholic and walked quietly away.
The 1972 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1972 , and lasted until November 30 , 1972 .	The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1963 , and lasted until November 15 , 1963 .
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1963 , and lasted until November 15 , 1963 .	The 1972 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1972 , and lasted until November 30 , 1972 .
People ride and paddle a raft.	Four people are floating on a raft.
Four people are floating on a raft.	People ride and paddle a raft.
Jane Yellowrock is one of my favorite heroines.	So I am back on the Jane Yellowrock train.
So I am back on the Jane Yellowrock train.	Jane Yellowrock is one of my favorite heroines.
If you are not talking about american idol I do not know.	If you are talking about American Idol, then it was chicken little.
If you are talking about American Idol, then it was chicken little.	If you are not talking about american idol I do not know.
Creates shortcuts to the items you have copied or cut into the selected location.	on the selected site, a shortcut will create a copy of the copied or deleted items.
on the selected site, a shortcut will create a copy of the copied or deleted items.	Creates shortcuts to the items you have copied or cut into the selected location.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Have you heard of hobbies?	Try to find joy in her hobbies.
Try to find joy in her hobbies.	Have you heard of hobbies?
Following his death in 1994 , he was succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il .	His son Kim Jong-il is the current ruler of North Korea .
His son Kim Jong-il is the current ruler of North Korea .	Following his death in 1994 , he was succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard.	This man is jumping over a shopping cart on a skateboard.
This man is jumping over a shopping cart on a skateboard.	A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard.
I've only seen the likes of her in museums.	I only saw it at the museum.
I only saw it at the museum.	I've only seen the likes of her in museums.
A skateboarder on a city street.	A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.	A skateboarder on a city street.
Tropical Storm Jose was a short-lived tropical storm which made landfall in central Mexico during August 2005 .	Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to August 23 .
Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to August 23 .	Tropical Storm Jose was a short-lived tropical storm which made landfall in central Mexico during August 2005 .
The Caracal , despite sometimes being called Persian lynx or African lynx , does not belong to this genus .	The Caracal or Desert Lynx and the Jungle Cat are similar to the lynx , but they are not much of a relative .
The Caracal or Desert Lynx and the Jungle Cat are similar to the lynx , but they are not much of a relative .	The Caracal , despite sometimes being called Persian lynx or African lynx , does not belong to this genus .
My apologies to the prosecution and the court.	I'm sorry about the lawsuit and the trial.
I'm sorry about the lawsuit and the trial.	My apologies to the prosecution and the court.
That is the key, and the rest will follow.	Just be yourself and the rest will follow....
Just be yourself and the rest will follow....	That is the key, and the rest will follow.
The earliest instances of Marathi literature is by Sant Jnyaneshwar with his Bhawarthadeepika .	An early piece of Marathi literature is Bhawarthadeepika by Dnyaneshwar .
An early piece of Marathi literature is Bhawarthadeepika by Dnyaneshwar .	The earliest instances of Marathi literature is by Sant Jnyaneshwar with his Bhawarthadeepika .
how are we supposed to wait for book four with the ending?	I can't wait for The Silver Mask to come out, so I can find out what happens next!
I can't wait for The Silver Mask to come out, so I can find out what happens next!	how are we supposed to wait for book four with the ending?
I enjoy a lot from both David Bowie and Pink Floyd.	Pink Floyd 3 was an amazing performance in the sky.
Pink Floyd 3 was an amazing performance in the sky.	I enjoy a lot from both David Bowie and Pink Floyd.
Albas is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .	Albas , Aude is a commune of 59 people .
Albas , Aude is a commune of 59 people .	Albas is a commune in the Aude department in southern France .
It is due to them not truly being in love with you.	Because they really don't love you.
Because they really don't love you.	It is due to them not truly being in love with you.
There was a lot of information that I did not find helpful at all.	It is, well...a whole bunch of stuff...ik ik that did not help at all...but so what?
It is, well...a whole bunch of stuff...ik ik that did not help at all...but so what?	There was a lot of information that I did not find helpful at all.
Wood poles lean and smell old: thirty-year-old wood.	the wooden pillars lie and the old-fashioned old wood.
the wooden pillars lie and the old-fashioned old wood.	Wood poles lean and smell old: thirty-year-old wood.
Hofmannsthal 's libretto is a combination of different forms of the German language .	The language used by Hofmannsthal changes according to who is speaking .
The language used by Hofmannsthal changes according to who is speaking .	Hofmannsthal 's libretto is a combination of different forms of the German language .
You can search for it at the following websites: allposters.com, ebay.com or yahoo.com.	allposters.com ebay.com just do a search on yahoooooooooooooooooooooooo
allposters.com ebay.com just do a search on yahoooooooooooooooooooooooo	You can search for it at the following websites: allposters.com, ebay.com or yahoo.com.
This isn't normally the style of book that I read but I liked the complexity of it and how different it was for me.	It's captivating and interesting, but for what I wanted at the current moment when I read it, it's nothing like I expected.
It's captivating and interesting, but for what I wanted at the current moment when I read it, it's nothing like I expected.	This isn't normally the style of book that I read but I liked the complexity of it and how different it was for me.
I've never really said... ...thank you for coming with me.	no one has ever told me...... thanks for going in with me.
no one has ever told me...... thanks for going in with me.	I've never really said... ...thank you for coming with me.
Choose how you want your organization chart page to look.	select the layout page of the Organization Diagram page.
select the layout page of the Organization Diagram page.	Choose how you want your organization chart page to look.
So, they turn their attentions to the demon alone.	Together, they form an uneasy alliance to hunt and destroy a demon of tremendous power.
Together, they form an uneasy alliance to hunt and destroy a demon of tremendous power.	So, they turn their attentions to the demon alone.
On the left, beneath the large squares, the words "Good Luck" appear.	Left side, below the big squares. Good luck.
Left side, below the big squares. Good luck.	On the left, beneath the large squares, the words "Good Luck" appear.
It has been the home of Aston Villa Football Club since 1897 .	It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa .
It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa .	It has been the home of Aston Villa Football Club since 1897 .
@sbrenn01 @marklevinshow What diversity? Conservatives are racist. I am one. I love Trump.	@NBCNews @realDonaldTrump or the white house!! #trumpforpresident
@NBCNews @realDonaldTrump or the white house!! #trumpforpresident	@sbrenn01 @marklevinshow What diversity? Conservatives are racist. I am one. I love Trump.
Written well, but without action and Joyce Carol Oates dialogue, where I think she is the strongest, I was bored.	It hurts to say this, but Joyce Carol Oates bored me with her demon child tale.
It hurts to say this, but Joyce Carol Oates bored me with her demon child tale.	Written well, but without action and Joyce Carol Oates dialogue, where I think she is the strongest, I was bored.
A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass.	Two men, one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey, run on a grassy field.
Two men, one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey, run on a grassy field.	A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass.
Its motto is `` Improving the health , safety , and well-being of America '' .	He was also active in improving health care and expanding clinics for veterans .
He was also active in improving health care and expanding clinics for veterans .	Its motto is `` Improving the health , safety , and well-being of America '' .
This is when Lilah is struck by lightning!	At her mother's wedding, Delilah is struck by lightning.
At her mother's wedding, Delilah is struck by lightning.	This is when Lilah is struck by lightning!
She has a small injury to her spleen,	he's just got a little spleen injury.
he's just got a little spleen injury.	She has a small injury to her spleen,
She could never have done all of this as Ellen.	as Ellen would never have.
as Ellen would never have.	She could never have done all of this as Ellen.
The writing is fluid and she always manages to makes us feel a myriad of emotions while reading her stories.	The writing is so beautifully done, one Hell of a short story.
The writing is so beautifully done, one Hell of a short story.	The writing is fluid and she always manages to makes us feel a myriad of emotions while reading her stories.
In these private saunas swimsuits or towels are never worn .	In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn .
In other cultures swimsuits are not be worn .	In these private saunas swimsuits or towels are never worn .
Do a search, gotta be some out there somewhere	SEARCH FOR IT, somewhere, maybe Google or something
SEARCH FOR IT, somewhere, maybe Google or something	Do a search, gotta be some out there somewhere
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .	Strong wind shear weakened the storm , and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean .
Strong wind shear weakened the storm , and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean .	Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .
Salt licks placed nearby can prevent porcupines from injuring themselves .	Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage .
Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage .	Salt licks placed nearby can prevent porcupines from injuring themselves .
Saw a bit of @HillaryClinton 's speech & I was proud to hear her plans for policy improvements in our justice system. Thanks!	My dad told me he's voting for Hillary. I'm so proud. LOL
My dad told me he's voting for Hillary. I'm so proud. LOL	Saw a bit of @HillaryClinton 's speech & I was proud to hear her plans for policy improvements in our justice system. Thanks!
A receipt must be obtained as proof of submission, signed and dated by an official in the department mentioned below.	the official in the section below will sign and affirm the receipt date of receipt of the receipt, as proof of the application.
the official in the section below will sign and affirm the receipt date of receipt of the receipt, as proof of the application.	A receipt must be obtained as proof of submission, signed and dated by an official in the department mentioned below.
A man fishing from the shore in the winter time.	A young woman is fishing from a pier at sunset.
A young woman is fishing from a pier at sunset.	A man fishing from the shore in the winter time.
Fallon is awesome and a great match for Jeff.	I loved reading more about Jeff and Fallon.
I loved reading more about Jeff and Fallon.	Fallon is awesome and a great match for Jeff.
A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.	A man eating a awkward shaped hotdog on a mini sized bun.
A man eating a awkward shaped hotdog on a mini sized bun.	A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.
The Kiribati national football team is the national football team of Kiribati and is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association .	The Iraqi national football team is the national team of Iraq and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .
The Iraqi national football team is the national team of Iraq and is controlled by the Iraq Football Association .	The Kiribati national football team is the national football team of Kiribati and is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association .
Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 film adaptation of the 1978 novel of the same name .	Requiem for a Dream is an American drama film that was released in 2000 .
Requiem for a Dream is an American drama film that was released in 2000 .	Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 film adaptation of the 1978 novel of the same name .
Max Mirnyi is a professional tennis player from Belarus .	Natalya `` Natasha '' Zvereva is a retired tennis player from Belarus .
Natalya `` Natasha '' Zvereva is a retired tennis player from Belarus .	Max Mirnyi is a professional tennis player from Belarus .
(from the Call of Cthulhu) This short story was written December 1919.	(page 153) The Madness from the Sea is the third part of The Call of Cthulhu.
(page 153) The Madness from the Sea is the third part of The Call of Cthulhu.	(from the Call of Cthulhu) This short story was written December 1919.
The world's smallest violin, playin' just for the waitresses.	World's smallest violin, and it's playing just for you.
World's smallest violin, and it's playing just for you.	The world's smallest violin, playin' just for the waitresses.
In 1974 , India conducted an underground nuclear test and five more tests in 1998 , making India a nuclear state .	India has also done nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998 , and it is one of the few countries that has nuclear bombs .
India has also done nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998 , and it is one of the few countries that has nuclear bombs .	In 1974 , India conducted an underground nuclear test and five more tests in 1998 , making India a nuclear state .
I have this song stuck in my head.	Cherry bomb gets stuck in my head a lot.
Cherry bomb gets stuck in my head a lot.	I have this song stuck in my head.
She's romantically linked with a rebellious, disenfranchised son of Texas.	he's dating a rebel, an election-free kid from Texas.
he's dating a rebel, an election-free kid from Texas.	She's romantically linked with a rebellious, disenfranchised son of Texas.
Rock bands began adding elements of funk to their sound , creating new combinations of `` funk rock '' and funk metal .	In the later 1980s , two new styles of funk developed called `` funk rock '' and funk metal .
In the later 1980s , two new styles of funk developed called `` funk rock '' and funk metal .	Rock bands began adding elements of funk to their sound , creating new combinations of `` funk rock '' and funk metal .
They are a premiere band and my favorite song of theirs in Brain Stew.	they are the best band in the whole world, though brain stew is my favorite song.
they are the best band in the whole world, though brain stew is my favorite song.	They are a premiere band and my favorite song of theirs in Brain Stew.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking	Try to move on. Remember that there are other fish in the sea!
Try to move on. Remember that there are other fish in the sea!	There are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
Boxes of dusty rocks occupied the little space that wasn't covered with books and paper.	the small place, which was not filled with books and papers, occupied the crates with dusty stones.
the small place, which was not filled with books and papers, occupied the crates with dusty stones.	Boxes of dusty rocks occupied the little space that wasn't covered with books and paper.
'I'm sure it was; but she's obviously made a full recovery.'	she certainly has suffered, but she has clearly recovered from it.
she certainly has suffered, but she has clearly recovered from it.	'I'm sure it was; but she's obviously made a full recovery.'
It would be best to stop it now.	it's better to stop it from the beginning.
it's better to stop it from the beginning.	It would be best to stop it now.
This category contains articles about taxa above the family in the order Testudines - the turtles .	This category is for reptiles of the order Testudines , the Turtles .
This category is for reptiles of the order Testudines , the Turtles .	This category contains articles about taxa above the family in the order Testudines - the turtles .
Later in his career , he is known to have won a prestigious `` Top ten Hong Kong dance award '' .	In 2004 , a string of concert dates earned Kwok a Hong Kong Dance Award presented by the Hong Kong Dance Alliance .
In 2004 , a string of concert dates earned Kwok a Hong Kong Dance Award presented by the Hong Kong Dance Alliance .	Later in his career , he is known to have won a prestigious `` Top ten Hong Kong dance award '' .
Yet he does not react when confronted with his favorite food.	still, she doesn't respond to her favorite meal.
still, she doesn't respond to her favorite meal.	Yet he does not react when confronted with his favorite food.
Can not load the accounting ruleset "%1".	no rules could be loaded for posting "% 1.
no rules could be loaded for posting "% 1.	Can not load the accounting ruleset "%1".
Start thinking about your new wife	Start with asking your wife, and go from there.
Start with asking your wife, and go from there.	Start thinking about your new wife
I'll get the car picked up from the woods.	I'm going to the woods for the car.
I'm going to the woods for the car.	I'll get the car picked up from the woods.
Just go to iTunes and find iPod and put the music on it again.	Connect the Ipod to the computer, open Itunes and find the music store.
Connect the Ipod to the computer, open Itunes and find the music store.	Just go to iTunes and find iPod and put the music on it again.
To suit the interests of the Teatro de la Zarzuela , the Orchestra underwent gradual restructuring to regain its quality .	After Franco 's death the orchestra became the official orchestra for the Teatro de la Zarzuela .
After Franco 's death the orchestra became the official orchestra for the Teatro de la Zarzuela .	To suit the interests of the Teatro de la Zarzuela , the Orchestra underwent gradual restructuring to regain its quality .
He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969 .	In 1968 and 1969 , Ayers became well-known as a head of the SDS .
In 1968 and 1969 , Ayers became well-known as a head of the SDS .	He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969 .
I love that movie, especially when performed as a play. We should start a fan club!	maybe you could start you own site/ fan club i know i love the show.
maybe you could start you own site/ fan club i know i love the show.	I love that movie, especially when performed as a play. We should start a fan club!
Atticus is every high school boy's hero.	You see, Atticus is my kind of man.
You see, Atticus is my kind of man.	Atticus is every high school boy's hero.
Important to note are the spectacular changes in handwriting style... ...tone, point of view.	conspicuous changes to writing, style, and opinions are important.
conspicuous changes to writing, style, and opinions are important.	Important to note are the spectacular changes in handwriting style... ...tone, point of view.
Realize the truth of the matter.	This is the honest truth.
This is the honest truth.	Realize the truth of the matter.
During this period , powerful feudal lords encouraged the establishment of serfdom as a source of agricultural labor .	During this time , feudal lords worked to make serfdom the common way for people to live .
During this time , feudal lords worked to make serfdom the common way for people to live .	During this period , powerful feudal lords encouraged the establishment of serfdom as a source of agricultural labor .
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	Woman at table busy with something.
Woman at table busy with something.	a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Kennedy ran , firing as he sought cover moving from tree to tree .	Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him .
Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him .	Kennedy ran , firing as he sought cover moving from tree to tree .
As mentioned above this book is very typical Molly Harper.	This was a very typical Molly Harper book, a cute and humorous paranormal romance.
This was a very typical Molly Harper book, a cute and humorous paranormal romance.	As mentioned above this book is very typical Molly Harper.
Helsinki is also an important regional city on the Baltic Sea and northern Europe .	A poetic name for Helsinki is `` the daughter of the Baltic Sea '' .
A poetic name for Helsinki is `` the daughter of the Baltic Sea '' .	Helsinki is also an important regional city on the Baltic Sea and northern Europe .
There's nothing higher than us for miles, or whatever you call those things!	miles, or whatever it is called, is no higher than us!
miles, or whatever it is called, is no higher than us!	There's nothing higher than us for miles, or whatever you call those things!
Man in an orange vest is sitting down in front of a computer at a desk.	A man in an orange shirt is talking into a mic by a computer.
A man in an orange shirt is talking into a mic by a computer.	Man in an orange vest is sitting down in front of a computer at a desk.
To find the relative minor of a particular key go down a minor third from the tonic of the major key .	When a piece of music is in a major key , the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature .
When a piece of music is in a major key , the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature .	To find the relative minor of a particular key go down a minor third from the tonic of the major key .
What was that intended to accomplish?	What was the point of that??
What was the point of that??	What was that intended to accomplish?
It is not an SI unit but is accepted for use with the SI .	Unlike the second , the hour is not an SI unit .
Unlike the second , the hour is not an SI unit .	It is not an SI unit but is accepted for use with the SI .
Overall, I truly enjoyed the book.	I giggled through most of this book.
I giggled through most of this book.	Overall, I truly enjoyed the book.
Believe me,I won't let it out of my sight.	trust me, I'll keep my eyes out of it.
trust me, I'll keep my eyes out of it.	Believe me,I won't let it out of my sight.
Between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .	He helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .
He helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .	Between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the Bayreuth Festival .
You cannot win domestic wars (even non-violent ones) through legal processes alone.	internal war (even non-violent) cannot be won only with the help of law and law.
internal war (even non-violent) cannot be won only with the help of law and law.	You cannot win domestic wars (even non-violent ones) through legal processes alone.
I... was acquainted... my sister was governess in his family.	we were... acquaintances... My sister was among them...
we were... acquaintances... My sister was among them...	I... was acquainted... my sister was governess in his family.
I have the same problem!	Yes, that is certainly a problem.
Yes, that is certainly a problem.	I have the same problem!
unable to delete the icon view configuration.	The icon view encountered an error while starting up.
The icon view encountered an error while starting up.	unable to delete the icon view configuration.
Is that a Star of David bikini top?	That's a sparkly star of David you've got.
That's a sparkly star of David you've got.	Is that a Star of David bikini top?
I have the same problem!	I had to think about the problem.
I had to think about the problem.	I have the same problem!
In the afternoon they came by a large town.	they passed a great city this afternoon.
they passed a great city this afternoon.	In the afternoon they came by a large town.
A dam assault had been discussed at one of those meetings.	one of them was talking about the attack on the dam.
one of them was talking about the attack on the dam.	A dam assault had been discussed at one of those meetings.
Two crew workers in orange and yellow safety gear are holding a long, thick road that runs over the edge of a structure.	Two construction workers in orange vests and helmets surrounded by yellow warning tape are working on mixing paint or concrete.
Two construction workers in orange vests and helmets surrounded by yellow warning tape are working on mixing paint or concrete.	Two crew workers in orange and yellow safety gear are holding a long, thick road that runs over the edge of a structure.
Dairy products are generally defined as foods produced from cow 's milk .	Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .	Dairy products are generally defined as foods produced from cow 's milk .
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'	Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
Octavian is thrown out , and Sophie is sent to her room .	Octavian has fallen in love with Sophie , and Sophie with him .
Octavian has fallen in love with Sophie , and Sophie with him .	Octavian is thrown out , and Sophie is sent to her room .
A dog and its owner takes a run.	dogs playing with their owner by a pond
dogs playing with their owner by a pond	A dog and its owner takes a run.
Kim Yu-Na began skating when she was seven years old with her older sister .	Kim Yu-Na was born in 1990 in Bucheon , Gyeonggi-do , and moved to Gunpo when she was 6 years old .
Kim Yu-Na was born in 1990 in Bucheon , Gyeonggi-do , and moved to Gunpo when she was 6 years old .	Kim Yu-Na began skating when she was seven years old with her older sister .
They ain't going to sink this battleship, no way.	no way she's drowning this ship.
no way she's drowning this ship.	They ain't going to sink this battleship, no way.
I have nothing to do now that school is out for Spring break!	I'm going back to U.K. because spring break is over.
I'm going back to U.K. because spring break is over.	I have nothing to do now that school is out for Spring break!
During his reign as regent , Zhuge Liang set Shu Han 's objective as to restore the Han Dynasty .	After the death of Liu Bei , Zhuge Liang became the chancellor of Shu Han under Liu Shan , Liu Bei 's son .
After the death of Liu Bei , Zhuge Liang became the chancellor of Shu Han under Liu Shan , Liu Bei 's son .	During his reign as regent , Zhuge Liang set Shu Han 's objective as to restore the Han Dynasty .
It carries with it a very distinctive feeling, no?	he brings a pretty specific feeling, doesn't he?
he brings a pretty specific feeling, doesn't he?	It carries with it a very distinctive feeling, no?
I think this is the essence of Lovecraft, horror on the grandest scale.	However, if you're only a casual horror fan, I'd skip Lovecraft.
However, if you're only a casual horror fan, I'd skip Lovecraft.	I think this is the essence of Lovecraft, horror on the grandest scale.
Ethan and Merit fight (again, ugh, I hate this).	There is no way, no way at all, Ethan could be this old and this immature.
There is no way, no way at all, Ethan could be this old and this immature.	Ethan and Merit fight (again, ugh, I hate this).
Praise to District Court Judge Larry Hendricks for blocking that ridiculous anti-abortion law in Kansas	Your life, your body, your choice. #womenshealth #womensrights
Your life, your body, your choice. #womenshealth #womensrights	Praise to District Court Judge Larry Hendricks for blocking that ridiculous anti-abortion law in Kansas
Resh is the twentieth letter of many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic alphabet .	Samekh or Simketh is the fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Hebrew , and Aramaic , representing .
Samekh or Simketh is the fifteenth letter in many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Hebrew , and Aramaic , representing .	Resh is the twentieth letter of many Semitic alphabets , including Phoenician , Aramaic , Hebrew and Arabic alphabet .
So, I'm not married. I don't think I'm ever gonna get married.	and I guess I'll never get married.
and I guess I'll never get married.	So, I'm not married. I don't think I'm ever gonna get married.
President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany	President Mills must quit - Lecturer
Especially in business archives , records management is separate from the historic aspect of archives .	Archives are different from libraries in that archives hold records which are unique .
Archives are different from libraries in that archives hold records which are unique .	Especially in business archives , records management is separate from the historic aspect of archives .
Just go to iTunes and find iPod and put the music on it again.	Of course, then just put them on your iPod, and voila!
Of course, then just put them on your iPod, and voila!	Just go to iTunes and find iPod and put the music on it again.
Click on the Media Player, then start ripping stuff from the disk. Let it finish and you are done.	MEADIA PLAYER CLICK IT START RIPING STUFF OUT OF DA DISK YOR R DONE LET IT FINSH !!!
MEADIA PLAYER CLICK IT START RIPING STUFF OUT OF DA DISK YOR R DONE LET IT FINSH !!!	Click on the Media Player, then start ripping stuff from the disk. Let it finish and you are done.
As the number of protons increases , so does the ratio of neutrons to protons necessary to ensure a stable nucleus .	For this reason , one or more neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to be bound into a nucleus .
For this reason , one or more neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to be bound into a nucleus .	As the number of protons increases , so does the ratio of neutrons to protons necessary to ensure a stable nucleus .
They won 2002 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , completing their set of medals from that event .	They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002 .
They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002 .	They won 2002 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , completing their set of medals from that event .
As of 2000 , the population was 15,342 .	The population of Sherwan is over 15,000 .
The population of Sherwan is over 15,000 .	As of 2000 , the population was 15,342 .
She was buried in Westminster Abbey .	She was also buried at the Speyer Cathedral .
She was also buried at the Speyer Cathedral .	She was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Well, it's got its own web site.	all right, they got it on the website.
all right, they got it on the website.	Well, it's got its own web site.
See Old Shawneetown , Illinois for the historical village .	Shawneetown is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Shawneetown is a city of Illinois in the United States .	See Old Shawneetown , Illinois for the historical village .
